Gauguin - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Passion Fruit Syrup - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Lime Juice - Combine ingredients with a cup of crushed ice in blender and blend at low speed. Serve in old-fashioned glass. Top with a cherry.
Fort Lauderdale - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/4 oz Juice of Orange - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lime - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add a slice of orange.
Apple Pie - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz Apple schnapps - 1 oz Cinnamon schnapps -  Apple slice - Pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with apple and top with cinnamon.
Cuban Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Light Rum - Shake with ice and  strain into cocktail glass.
Cool Carlos - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dark rum - 2 oz Cranberry Juice - 2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Orange curacao - 1 oz Sour Mix - Mix all ingredients except curacao with ice, shake well. Pour into collins glass and float curacao on top. Garnish with pineapple and orange slices, and a cherry.
John Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Soda water - 1 oz Orange and lemon wheels, maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into Collins glass. Add ice, fill with soda water, and stir. Garnish with orange, lemon, and cherry. Serve with straws.
Cherry Rum - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz Light Rum - 1 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1 oz Light cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Casa Blanca - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1 1/2 oz Lime Juice - 1 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 1/2 oz Maraschino - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Caribbean Champagne - Champagne Flute - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Creme de banana -  Chilled Champagne - Pour rum and banana liqueur into champagne flute. Fill with champagne and stir lightly. Add a slice of banana.
Amber Amour - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Amaretto - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup -  Soda water -  Maraschino cherry - Pour amaretto, lemon juice, and syrup into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with soda water and stir. Garnish with cherry.
The Joe Lewis - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Scotch Whiskey - 1 oz Fresh carrot juice - 3/4 oz Tawny port - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Agave nectar - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bacardi Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bacardi Rum - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 1/2 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Apple Pie No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Apple Brandy - 1/2 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Yolanda - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Anisette - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
Yellow Rattler - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Orange Juice - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a cocktail onion.
Why Not? - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Amaretto Stinger - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Amaretto - 3/4 oz White creme de menthe - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
What The Hell - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Stir in old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Webster Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 1/2 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Union Jack Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Sloe gin - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jocose Julep - Collins Glass - 2 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz Green creme de menthe - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 5 oz Fresh mint leaves -  Soda water - Combine first five ingredients in blender without ice until smooth. Pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir. Garnish with mint sprig.
Trinity Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 3/4 oz Gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Three Stripes Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Orange Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tanq-A-Rita - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Tanqueray gin - 3 oz Margarita Mix - 1 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Amaretto Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 1 1/2 oz Amaretto - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 Orange half-wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. Garnish with orange.
Tailspin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 3/4 oz Green Chartreuse - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel and a cherry or olive.
Sweet Patootie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Orange Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sunshine Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
Spring Feeling Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Green Chartreuse - 1 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sphinx Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a slice of lemon.
Jitterbug Sour - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz Benedictine - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Honey Syrup - 1 oz Egg White - 1 dash Angostura Bitters - Shake first five ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add bitters and lemon twist.
Southern Gin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Gin - 2 oz Orange Bitters - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Society Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Grenadine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Snyder - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Smiler Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Bitters - 1/4 oz Orange Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Smile Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Amaretto Rose - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Amaretto - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Soda water - Pour first three ingredients into ice-filled Collins glass and fill with soda water. Stir.
Sand-Martin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Green Chartreuse - 1 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Irish Whiskey Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz Irish Whiskey - 1 oz Ginger ale or soda water - 1 oz Lemon twist (optional) - Pour whiskey into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with ginger ale or soda water. Add lemon twist, if desired, and stir.
Japanese - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Roselyn Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Grenadine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Resolute Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1/2 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Racquet Club Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Amaretto And Cream - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Amaretto - 1 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Pollyanna Cocktai - Cocktail Glass - 3 oz Orange - 3 oz Pineapple  - 2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Grenadine - Muddle ingredients. Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Plaza Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 3/4 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a strip of pineapple.
Irish Whiskey Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Irish Whiskey - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Anisette - 1/4 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - 1 Green olive - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with olive.
Absinthe Special Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Absinthe - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Nineteenth Hole - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Bitters - Stir with ice in mixing glass and strain into cocktail glass and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with an olive.
Montreal Club Bouncer - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Anisette - Pour into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Stir.
Monte Carlo Imperial Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz White creme de menthe - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon -  Chilled Champagne - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill glass with champagne and stir.
Irish Shillelagh - Irish Coffee Glass - 1 1/2 oz Irish Whiskey - 1 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Sloe gin - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 Fresh raspberries and strawberries, 2 peach slices, maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Irish coffee glass. Garnish with berries, peach slices, and cherry.
Melon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Gin - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - 1/4 oz Maraschino - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Martini (Medium) -  - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - Follow directions for Martini preparation.
Martini (Dry) (5-to-1) -  - 1 2/3 oz Gin - 1/3 oz Dry Vermouth - Follow directions for Martini preparation.
Mamie's Sister - Collins Glass - 1 oz Juice of a Lime - 2 oz Gin -  Ginger ale - Put the juice of one lime and a lime twist into collins glass, and add gin. Fill glass with ginger ale and ice. Stir.
Irish Rickey - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Irish Whiskey - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz Soda water - 1 oz Lime wedge - Pour whiskey and lime juice into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with soda water and stir. Garnish with lime.
Maiden's Prayer - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lone Tree Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
London Buck - Highball Glass - 2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon -  Ginger ale - Pour gin and lemon juice over ice cubes in highball glass. Fill with ginger ale and stir.
Leap Frog Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz Gin -  Ginger ale - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Incider Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Rye or bourbon whiskey - 4 oz Apple cider - 1 oz Apple slice - Stir whiskey and apple cider in ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with apple.
Kup's Indispensable Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Light Vermouth - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Knock-Out Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Anisette - 3/4 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Creme de Menthe (White) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
K. G. B. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Kummel - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/4 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Imperial Fizz - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon or Rye Whiskey - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with soda water and stir.
Jeyplak Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/4 oz Anisette - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
H. P. W. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
I.A.P. - Collins Glass - 2 oz Tennessee whiskey - 1/4 oz Fernet-Branca - 3 oz Cola - Build in ice-filled Collins glass.
Hotel Plaza Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 3/4 oz Gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Decorate with a slice of pineapple.
Hoffman House Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Hawaiin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
White Russian - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Coffee liqueur -  Milk or half-and-half - Pour vodka and coffee liqueur into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Fill with milk or half-and-half.
Greyhound - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 5 oz Grapefruit Juice - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes. Stir well.
Green Devil - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 1/2 oz Green creme de menthe - 1 oz Lime Juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Decorate with mint leaves.
Greenback - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Green creme de menthe - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Grapefruit Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Maraschino - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Hotel D'alsace - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Fresh rosemary sprig - 2 oz Irish Whiskey - 1/2 oz Benedictine - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - Muddle leaves from half-sprig of rosemary in mixing glass and reserve the other half. Add remaining ingredients. Stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with remaining half-sprig of rosemary.
Jamaica Granito - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Lemon or Orange Sherbet -  Soda water -  Freshly grated nutmeg - Add first three ingredients to Collins glass. Add soda water. Top with nutmeg.
Gin Sling - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Water - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz Gin - Dissolve sugar in water and lemon juice. Add gin. Pour into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes and stir. Add a twist of orange peel.
Gin Milk Punch - Collins Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Horse's Neck (With A Kick) - Collins Glass - 1 oz Wide spiral of lemon zest - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1 oz Ginger ale - Insert the lemon spiral in Collins glass with one end hanging over the rim. Fill glass with ice cubes. Add whiskey. Fill with ginger ale and stir well.
Gin and It - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - Stir ingredients in cocktail glass. (No ice is used in this drink.)
Gin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Gin - 2 oz Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a twist of lemon peel.
West Side - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lemon-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 6 Fresh mint leaves -  Soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with a splash of soda water.
Gimlet  - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Lime Juice - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Free Silver - Collins Glass - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Dark rum - 1 oz Milk -  Club Soda - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice cubes. Fill with club soda.
Frankenjack Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 1/2 oz Gin & ginger ale - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Fog Horn - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 1/2 oz Gin & ginger ale - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Triple Sec - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with ginger ale. Stir. Add a slice of lime.
Flying Dutchman - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Hoot Mon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Benedictine -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Fifty-Fifty Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Favorite Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 3/4 oz Gin - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Farmer's Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 2 oz Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Warsaw Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Blackberry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Emerald Isle Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Green creme de menthe - 3 oz Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Du Barry Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Bitters - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Anisette - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a slice of orange.
Dry Martini (5-to-1) - Cocktail Glass - 1 2/3 oz Gin - 1/3 oz Dry Vermouth - Stir vermouth and gin over ice cubes in mixing glass. Strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a twist of lemon peel or olive, if desired.
Dixie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz Juice of Orange - 1 oz Anisette - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Delmonico No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Orange Bitters - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Hole-In-One - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 ozBlended Scotch Whiskey - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Vodka Stinger - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz White creme de menthe - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Caruso - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Green creme de menthe - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bulldog Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of Orange - 2 oz Gin -  Ginger ale - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Brown Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bronx Terrace Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - Shake with  ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a cherry.
Bronx Cocktail (Dry) - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Juice of Orange - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a slice of orange.
Hill Dog - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz White whiskey - 1/2 oz Grand Marnier - 1/2 oz Dry Sherry - 1/2 oz Lavender Syrup -  Orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Blue Devil Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1/2 or 1 Juice of Lemon or Lime - 1 oz Maraschino - 1/2 oz Blue curacao - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Blue Canary - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Gin - 3 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1 oz Blue curacao - Combine ingredients with ice in mixing glass and stir gently. Strain into chilled cocktail glass filled with crushed ice. Garnish with a mint sprig.
Blue Bird - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Bitters - Stir with ice cubes and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel and a cherry.
Bloodhound Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Decorate with two or three crushed strawberries.
Billy Taylor - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 2 oz Gin -  Club Soda - Fill collins glass with club soda and ice cubes. Stir in lime juice and gin.
Bijou Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Green Chartreuse - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a cherry on top.
Bermuda Rose  - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz Gin - 1 1/2 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Vodka Sour - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup -  Lemon half-wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Apricot Anisette Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Anisette - 1 oz Lemon Juice -  Club Soda - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice. Fill with club soda and stir lightly. Garnish with a slice of lemon.
Alexander's Sister Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Dry gin - 1 oz Green creme de menthe - 1 oz Light cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Highland Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Soda water or ginger ale -  Lemon and/or orange zest spiral(s) - Stir Scotch and syrup in Collins glass. Add ice. Fill with soda and stir again. Insert citrus spiral(s) and dangle end(s) over rim of glass.
Alexander Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Creme de Cacao (White) - 1 oz Light cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Adam and Eve - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Forbidden Fruit - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Brandy - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Vodka Sling - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Orange twist - Pour vodka, lemon juice, and syrup into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. Add orange twist.
Jack Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Applejack - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Tempter Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Port - 1 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Special Rough Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Apple Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Anisette - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Vodka Grasshopper - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz White creme de cacao - 3/4 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Singapore Sling - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Gin -  Club Soda - 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - Shake lemon, sugar, and gin with ice and strain into collins glass. Add ice cubes and fill with club soda. Float cherry-flavored brandy on top. Decorate with fruits in season and serve with straws.
Saratoga Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Brandy - 2 oz Bitters - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/2 oz Maraschino - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
High Cotton - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz Pimm's No. 1 Cup - 1/2 oz Dubonnet Rouge - 2 oz Peach bitters -  Lemon twist, fresh mint sprig - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon and mint.
Polonaise - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1 oz Blackberry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz Dry Sherry - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Vodka Gimlet - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Merry Widow Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz Maraschino - 1 1/4 oz cherry-flavored brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Lugger - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Brandy - 1 oz Apple Brandy - 1 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jamaica Hop - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Coffee-flavored brandy - 1 oz Creme de Cacao (White) - 1 oz Light cream - Shake well with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hebrides - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Single-malt Scotch whisky - 1/2 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 2 oz Apple juice - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Pour into ice-filled Collins glass and stir.
Hennessy Martini - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Hennessy V.S Cognac - 1/2 oz Lemon Juice - Fill shaker or mixing glass with ice. Add Hennessy and lemon juice. Stir gently, don't shake. Let settle. Strain into chilled martini glass. Garnish with twist of lemon peel.
Vodka Daisy - Beer Mug - 2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Grenadine -  Fresh seasonal fruit - Shake with ice. Strain into ice-filled beer mug or metal cup. Garnish with fruit.
Heavenly Dram - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Single-malt Scotch whisky - 1/2 oz Pedro Ximenez sherry - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Honey Syrup -  Lemon twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Classic Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 1/2 oz Curacao - 1 1/2 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Brandy - Prepare rim of old-fashioned glass by rubbing with lemon and dipping into powdered sugar. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into prepared glass.
Cherry Sling - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - Serve in old-fashioned glass filled with ice cubes and stir. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Cherry Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz cherry-flavored brandy -  Club Soda - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with club soda and decorate with a cherry.
Vodka Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Soda water or ginger ale -  Orange and/or lemon zest spiral - Stir vodka and syrup in Collins glass. Add ice cubes and fill with soda water or ginger ale. Insert a spiral of orange or lemon zest (or both) and dangle end(s) over rim of glass.
Carrol Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Button Hook Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Creme de Menthe (White) - 1/2 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1/2 oz Anisette - 1/2 oz Brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bull's Eye - Highball Glass - 1 oz Brandy - 2 oz Hard cider -  Ginger ale - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Brantini - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - Stir with cracked ice and strain into old-fashioned glass with cubed ice. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Heather's Kiss - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/4 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Agave nectar - 1 oz Absinthe -  Apple slice - Shake with ice strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with apple slice.
Brandy Squirt - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Grenadine -  Club Soda - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass and fill with club soda. Decorate with stick of pineapple and strawberries.
Brandy and Soda - Collins Glass - 2 oz Brandy -  Club Soda - Pour brandy into collins glass with ice cubes. Fill with club soda.
Brandy Milk Punch - Collins Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Brandy - 1 oz Milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Vodka Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup -  Soda water -  Lemon and orange wheels, maraschino cherry - Shake vodka, lemon juice, and syrup and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir. Garnish with citrus and cherry. Serve with a straw.
Brandy Crusta Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Bitters - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 2 oz Brandy - Moisten the edge of a cocktail glass with lemon and dip into sugar. Cut the rind of half a lemon into a spiral and place in glass. Stir above ingredients with ice and strain into sugar-rimmed glass. Add a slice of orange.
Heather Blush - Champagne Flute - 1 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1 oz Strawberry liqueur - 3 oz Chilled sparkling wine -  Whole strawberry - Pour Scotch and liqueur into chilled champagne flute. Top with sparkling wine. Garnish with strawberry.
Jack Maples - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Applejack - 1 oz maple syrup (grade B or medium-amber) - 1 oz Aromatic bitters -  Cinnamon stick - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with cinnamon stick.
Brandy Alexander - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Creme de Cacao (Brown) - 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Heavy cream - Shake well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Vodka and Tonic - Highball Glass - 2 oz Vodka -  Tonic water -  Lemon or lime wedge - Pour vodka into highball glass over ice. Add tonic and stir. Garnish with lemon or lime wedge. VODKA COLLINS
Apricot Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1/4 oz Juice of Orange - 1 1/2 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Alexander Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Creme de Cacao (White) - 1 oz Brandy - 1 oz Light cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
After Dinner Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Juice of a Lime - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Leave lime in glass.
Harvest Moon - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1 oz Lillet Blanc - 1/2 oz Apple Brandy - 1/4 oz Green Chartreuse - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Red Raider - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Bourbon - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Vodka and Apple Juice - Highball Glass - 2 oz Vodka -  Apple juice - Pour vodka into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with apple juice and stir.
Mint Julep (Southern Style) - Collins Glass - 5 or 6springs mint - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Water - 2 1/2 oz Bourbon - In silver mug or collins glass, dissolve powdered sugar with water. Fill with finely shaved ice and add bourbon. Stir until glass is heavily frosted, adding more ice if necessary. (Do not hold glass with hand while stirring.) Decorate with sprigs of fresh mint so that the tops are about two inches above the rim of glass. Use short straws so that it will be necessary to bury nose in mint, which is intended for scent rather than taste.
Limestone - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon -  Collins Mix -  Lime Juice - Into ice-filled highball glass, pour bourbon, fill glass with collins mix, and add lime juice to taste.
Grounds For Divorce - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz Kirschwasser - 1/4 oz Cynar - 1/2 oz Amaro -  Orange twist - Stir and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Gentleman's Cocktail - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon - 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Creme de Menthe -  Club Soda - Pour bourbon, brandy, and creme de menthe over ice into highball glass. Add club soda and garnish with a lemon twist.
Dixie Julep - Collins Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 1/2 oz Bourbon - Put sugar and bourbon into collins glass. Fill with crushed ice and stir gently until glass is frosted. Decorate with sprigs of mint. Serve with straws.
Victory Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 2 oz Unsweetened Grape Juice - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Orange half-wheel - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with orange.
Buddy's Favorite - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon - 6 oz Cold Water - Pour ingredients into highball glass. Stir and serve without ice.
Bourbon On The Rocks - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Bourbon - Pour bourbon into old-fashioned glass half-filled with ice.
Bourbon Cobbler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz  Bourbon - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 2 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1 1/2 oz Almond extract - Combine all ingredients in mixing glass, pour over ice into old-fashioned glass. Decorate with peach slice.
Bourbon and Water - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Bourbon - 4 oz Water - Pour bourbon and water into old-fashioned glass. Add ice and a twist of lemon peel, if desired, and stir.
Greenpoint - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - 1 oz Orange Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Yellowjacket - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Pineapple Juice - 2 oz Orange Juice - 1/2 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with old-fashioned glass filled with ice cubes. Garnish with a lemon slice.
Velvet Peach Hammer - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 3/4 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Peach schnapps - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Peach slice - Pour vodka and schnapps into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Stir and top with syrup and lemon juice. Garnish with peach.
Grandfather - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1 oz Applejack - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - 1 oz Peychaud's Bitters -  Maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Goldrush - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Honey Syrup - Shake and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Sake Martini - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Sake - 3 oz Mr. Boston Gin - Stir with ice, strain into 3-or 4-oz. cocktail glass and serve with an olive.
Godfather - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 3/4 oz Amaretto - Pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir.
Jack-In-The-Box - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Applejack - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Saronno - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Amaretto di Saronno - 1 oz Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1 oz Light cream - Shake well with cracked ice. Strain and serve in cocktail glass.
Saronno Colada (Nutty Colada) - Collins Glass - 3 oz Amaretto di Saronno - 3 oz Coconut Milk - 3 oz Crushed Pineapple - Put in an electric blender with 2 cups of crushed ice and blend at high speed for a short time. Pour into a collins glass and serve with a straw.
Saronno Mist - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Amaretto di Saronno - Serve in an old-fashioned glass over crushed ice with a twist of lemon or a wedge of lime, if desired.
Saronno Rose - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Amaretto di Saronno - 1/2 oz Roses Lime Juice - 1 oz Club Soda - Pour Amaretto di Saronno and lime juice over ice in a collins glass and fill with club soda.
Gilchrist - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 3/4 oz Pear brandy - 3/4 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1/2 oz Amaro - 2 oz Grapefruit bitters -  Lemon twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Frisco Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 2 oz Bourbon or Rye Whiskey - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Benedictine - 1 oz Lemon and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. Garnish with lemon and lime.
Fratelli Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 1/4 oz Fernet-Branca - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Francis The Mule - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz Coffee liqueur - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz Orange Bitters -  Lemon twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Fox River Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Bourbon or Rye Whiskey - 1/2 oz Dark creme de cacao - 4 oz Angostura Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Flying Scotchman - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Final Ward - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz Maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz Green Chartreuse - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Martini  - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Mr. Boston Gin - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - serve with an olive. 
Fancy Whiskey - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Bourbon or rye whiskey - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Lemon twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Mandarine Sour - Sour Glass - 2 oz Mandarine Napoleon Liqueur - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into a sour glass. Decorate with a cherry and orange slice.
Mandarine Mist - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Mandarine Napoleon Liqueur - Pack an old-fashioned glass with finely crushed ice. Add Mandarine Napoleon Liqueur and a twist of tangerine peel. Serve with short straws.
Underneath The Mango Tree - Collins Glass - For glass Lime wedge, Sweet Chili Powder - 1 oz Mango-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz Peach liqueur - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Ginger ale - Rim Collins glass with lime and sweet chili powder. Fill glass with ice. Shake next four ingredients with ice. Strain into glass. Top with ginger ale.
Fancy-Free Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Honeymoon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Apple Brandy - 3/4 oz Benedictine - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Twister - Collins Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lime wedge -  Lemon-lime soda - Pour vodka and lime juice into Collins glass. Add several ice cubes. Squeeze lime into glass and add. Fill with lemon-lime soda and stir.
Everybody's Irish Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Irish Whiskey - 1 oz Green creme de menthe - 1 oz Green Chartreuse - 1 oz Green olive - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with olive.
Trident - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Aquavit or vodka - 1/2 oz Cynar - 1 oz Dry Sherry - 2 oz Peach bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon twist.
Top Banana - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Creme de banana - 2 oz Orange juice - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Emperor Norton's Mistress - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz Fresh strawberries, cut in halves - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz Vanilla liqueur - 1/4 oz Triple Sec -  Strawberry slice - Muddle halved strawberries in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and double-strain into ice-filled oldfashioned glass. Garnish with strawberry slice.
Easterner - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1 oz Fresh grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz Maple Syrup -  Grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Toasted Drop - Cocktail Glass - For glass Lemon wedge, Cinnamon Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz Limoncello - 1/4 oz Amaretto - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Egg White - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and cinnamon sugar. Shake ingredients without ice. Add ice and shake again. Strain into glass. Add lemon twist.
Eastern Sour - Highball Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz Orange juice - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup -  Orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Garnish with orange and lime.
K. C. B. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Kummel - 1 1/2 oz Mr. Boston Gin - 1/4 oz Mr. Boston Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Easter Elchies - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Single-malt Scotch whisky - 1/2 oz Cherry Heering - 1/2 oz Punt e Mes - 1 oz Orange Bitters -  Brandied cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with brandied cherry.
Dufftown Flip - Brandy Snifter - 2 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1/2 oz Port - 1/2 oz Demerara Syrup - 1/2 oz Almond milk - 1 oz Whole Egg -  Freshly grated nutmeg - Shake without ice. Then shake with ice and strain into snifter. Top with nutmeg.
Harvard Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz Apple Brandy - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Soda water or ginger ale -  Orange and/or lemon zest spiral - Stir brandy and syrup in Collins glass. Add ice cubes and fill with soda water or ginger ale. Insert spiral of orange or lemon zest (or both) and dangle end(s) over rim of glass.
The Duboudreau Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz Dubonnet Rouge - 1/4 oz Fernet-Branca - 1/4 oz Elderflower liqueur -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Irish Whisky  - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Mr. Boston Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Absinthe Substitute - 1/4 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Bitters - 2 oz Irish Whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Dubliner - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Irish Whiskey - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Grand Marnier - 2 oz Orange Bitters -  Orange twist, flamed - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Flame orange twist and add.
Double Standard Sour - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Rye or bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Gin - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz White creme de menthe - 1/2 oz Grenadine - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Dixie Whiskey Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz White creme de menthe - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Hill Billy Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz Georgia Moon Corn Whiskey -  Mountain Dew - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes, add a twist of lemon peel, and stir.
The Titian - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Orange-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz Grand Marnier - 1 oz Passion Fruit Juice - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Pomegranate syrup -  Fresh raspberry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with raspberry.
Tiger Tanaka - Cocktail Glass - 3 oz Fresh cilantro leaves - 1 oz Slice peeled fresh ginger - 2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz Limoncello - 3/4 oz Pineapple Juice - Muddle cilantro and ginger in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients and shake. Double-strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Grenadine Rickey - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 1/2 oz Grenadine - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with carbonated water. Stir. Put a slice of lime in glass.
Thyme Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 1 oz Mint syrup - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Thyme sprig - 3 oz Bitter lemon soda - 2 oz Long thyme sprigs - Put first four ingredients in mixing glass, add ice, and shake well. Strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with bitter lemon soda and stir briefly. Garnish with long thyme sprigs.
Tabby Cat - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Dubonnet Rouge - 1 oz Orange-flavored vodka - 2 oz Orange Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
God Child - Champagne Flute - 1 oz Amaretto di Saronno - 1 oz Mr. Boston Vodka - 1 oz Heavy cream - Shake well with cracked ice. Strain and serve in a champagne glass.
Sweet Maria - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Amaretto - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Dirty Harry - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Absinthe - 2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/4 oz Maraschino liqueur -  Maraschino cherry - Swirl absinthe in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess absinthe. Stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Garnish with cherry.
Harvard Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Gin and Milk Punch - Collins Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Mr. Boston Gin - 1 oz Milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Surf Rider - Highball Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 2 oz Fresh orange juice - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Grenadine -  Orange half-wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Dinah Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Fresh mint leaf - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with mint.
Tea Saronno - Stem Glass - 6 ozHot Tea - 1 1/2 oz Amaretto di Saronno - 1 oz Whipped cream - Pour hot tea into a stemmed glass, using a spoon in glass to prevent cracking. Add Amaretto di Saronno but do not stir. Top with chilled whipped cream.
The Summer Of Love - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Orange-flavored vodka - 2 oz Rose water - 1 oz Lillet Blanc - 1/4 oz Black raspberry liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Devil's Soul - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz Mezcal - 1/2 oz Amaro - 1/4 oz Aperol - 1/4 oz Elderflower liqueur -  Orange twist, flamed - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Flame orange twist and add to glass.
Deshler - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz Dubonnet Rouge - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute. Add lemon twist.
T.N.T. No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Thompson Blended Whiskey - 1 1/2 oz Absinthe Substitute - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Stupid Cupid - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz Sloe gin - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Derby - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/4 oz Benedictine - 1 oz Angostura Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Stockholm 75 - Cocktail Glass - For glass Lemon wedge, superfine sugar - 3/4 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3 oz Chilled Champagne - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Shake vodka, syrup, and lemon juice with ice. Strain into glass. Fill with Champagne
The Delmarva Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz White creme de menthe - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Fresh mint sprigs - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with mint.
Sputnik - Red-Wine Glass - 1 1/4 oz Vodka - 1 1/4 oz Peach schnapps - 3 oz Fresh orange juice - 3 oz half-and-half -  Peach slice - Shake with ice until frothy and pour into red-wine glass. Garnish with peach.
Gotham - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Absinthe or pastis - 3 oz Brandy - 3 oz Peach bitters -  Lemon twist - Pour absinthe into chilled old-fashioned glass and swirl to coat. Shake brandy and bitters with ice and strain into glass. Add lemon twist.
De La Louisiane - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 3/4 oz Benedictine - 3 oz Absinthe or pastis - 3 oz Peychaud's Bitters -  Maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
The Debonair - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/2 oz Single-malt Scotch whisky - 1 oz Ginger liqueur -  Lemon twist - Stir and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Soviet - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Amontillado sherry - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth -  Lemon twist - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Daisy Dueller - Highball Glass - 2 oz Tennessee whiskey - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1/2 oz Triple Sec -  Soda water -  Orange and lemon wheels - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled highball glass. Add ice and fill with soda. Garnish with orange and lemon.
Sonic Blaster - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Creme de banana - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Orange juice - 1 oz Cranberry Juice - Shake and pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with orange and lime.
Creole Lady - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz Madeira - 1 oz Grenadine -  Maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Rum Coooler - Collins Glass - 1/2 tsp powdered sugar - 2 oz carbonated water - 1 oz Mr. Boston Rum - ginger ale - spirals of lemon and orange peel - In collins glass, dissolve powdered sugar in carbonated water. Stir. Fill glass with ice and add rum. Fill with carbonated water or ginger ale and stir again. Insert a spiral of orange or lemon peel (or both) and dangle end over rim of glass.
Siberian Sleighride - Brandy Snifter - 1 1/4 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz White creme de cacao - 1/2 oz White creme de menthe - 3 oz half-and-half -  Shaved bittersweet chocolate - Shake with ice and strain into chilled snifter. Sprinkle with chocolate shavings.
Cotton Club Flip - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Vanilla-Infused Bourbon - 1/2 oz Honey-Currant Syrup - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz Egg White - 2 oz Rhubarb bitters -  Stick of cotton candy - Shake first four ingredients without ice. Add ice and shake again. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Top with bitters. Garnish with cotton candy.
Golden Dawn - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Apple Brandy - 1/2 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Fresh orange juice - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled oldfashioned glass. Add grenadine.
Sidecar - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Cognac - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Madeira - 1/2 oz Fresh orange juice and orange wheel - Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shalom - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Madeira - 1/2 oz Fresh orange juice and orange wheel - 2 oz Bourbon Whiskey - 3/4 oz White creme de cacao - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add orange wheel.
Commodore Cocktail - Champagne Flute - 2 oz Bourbon Whiskey - 3/4 oz White creme de cacao - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute.
Sea Breeze - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 4 oz Cranberry Juice - 1 oz Fresh grapefruit juice -  Lime wedge - Pour into ice-filled highball glass. Garnish with lime.
Screwdriver - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 5 oz Orange juice - Pour into ice-filled highball glass. Stir well.
Coffee Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Angostura Bitters - 1 oz Cold brewed coffee - 2 oz Soda water -  Orange wheel, maraschino cherry - Pour bourbon, syrup, bitters, and coffee into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. Add soda water and stir again. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Dry Martini -  - 1 2/3 oz Mr. Boston Gin - 1/3 oz Dry Vermouth - serve with an olive. 
Salty Dog - Highball Glass - For glass Lemon wedge, coarse salt - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 5 oz Grapefruit Juice - Rim highball glass with lemon and salt. Fill with ice. Add vodka and grapefruit juice and stir.
Dr. Cook - Red-Wine Glass - 3/4 oz Mr. Boston Gin - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into wine glass.
Dillatini Cocktail -  - 1 1/2 oz Mr. Boston Gin - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - Serve with a dilly bean.
Chi-Town Flip - Collins Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Tawny port - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz Vanilla liqueur and 3 oz - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Whole Egg and grated nutmet - Shake first six ingredients without ice. Add ice and shake again. Strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Add bitters and top with nutmeg.
Chef's Pain - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Blackberry liqueur - 1/2 oz B & B - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Sampan Shipwreck A - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Orange liqueur - 1/2 oz Canned coconut milk - 1/2 oz Cold brewed chai tea - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup -  Pineapple wedge - Shake well with ice. Double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Perch pineapple on rim of glass.
Chas - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/4 oz Amaretto - 1/4 oz Benedictine - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - 1/4 oz Orange curacao -  Orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Goat's Delight - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Kirschwasser - 1/4 oz half-and-half - 1 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 1 oz Absinthe or pastis - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Russian Bear Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz White creme de cacao - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Character Development - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Scotch Whiskey - 1/2 oz Coconut liqueur - 1/2 oz Dry Sherry - 2 oz Grapefruit bitters -  Grapefruit twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Ruby Red - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Grapefruit-flavored vodka - 1 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 1/2 oz Fresh ruby red grapefruit juice - 1 oz Fresh orange juice -  Grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Chaplin - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Dry Sherry - 3/4 oz Ramazzotti Amaro - 1 oz Triple Sec - 2 oz Orange Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Rouxby Red - Cocktail Glass - For glassFor glass Lemon wedge, coarse salt - 1 1/2 oz Grapefruit-flavored vodka - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1/2 oz Campari - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and salt. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Rosemary Clementine Sparkle - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz Clementine or mandarin orange - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz Honey Syrup - 1 oz Fresh rosemary sprig - 1 oz Chilled sparkling wine or Champagne - Squeeze clementine into mixing glass. Twist rind and add to glass. Add vodka, lemon juice, syrup, and rosemary sprig. Add ice and shake. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with sparkling wine or Champagne. Garnish with remaining rosemary sprig.
Chapel Hill - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Robin's Nest - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Cranberry Juice - 1/2 oz White creme de cacao - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Chancellor Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Tawny port - 1 oz Peychaud's Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Cafe di Saronno - Mug - 1 oz Amaretto di Saronno -  Hot Black Coffee - Add 1 oz. Amaretto di Saronno to a cup of black coffee. Top with whipped cream.
Carre Reprise - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1 oz Cognac - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Elderflower liqueur - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - 1 oz Peychaud's Bitters - Stir with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Gilroy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Redhead Martini - Cocktail Glass - 4 oz Strawberries, cut into halves - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 1/2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 1 oz Chilled Moscato d'Asti or sweet sparkling wine -  Strawberry - Muddle halved strawberries in mixing glass with lemon juice and syrup. Add vodka and ice and shake well. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add sparkling wine. Garnish with the strawberry.
Red Apple - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Apple juice - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Canal Street Daisy - Collins Glass - 1 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1 oz Orange juice - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Soda water - 1 oz Orange wheel - Add Scotch and juices to ice-filled Collins glass and stir. Fill with soda water and stir again. Garnish with orange.
Canadian Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Canadian whisky - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Purple Ruby - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1 1/2 oz Pomegranate juice - 1/2 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz Honey Syrup -  Grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Canadian Cherry - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1 1/2 oz Canadian whisky - 1/2 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Orange juice - Moisten rim of old-fashioned glass with maraschino liqueur. Fill with ice. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Orange Smile - Red-Wine Glass - 1 oz Egg - 1 oz Juice of Orange - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into stem goblet.
Purple Passion Iced Tea - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Black raspberry liqueur - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice and 3 oz - Pour ingredients into ice-filled highball glass in order listed and stir. Add lemon twist.
Canadian Breeze - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Canadian whisky - 3/4 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1 oz Pineapple wedge, maraschino cherry - Shake with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with pineapple and cherry.
Purple Passion - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 2 oz Grapefruit Juice - 2 oz Concord grape juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - Shake with ice. Pour with ice into Collins glass.
Cameron's Kick Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 3/4 oz Irish Whiskey - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 2 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Georgia Mint Julep - Collins Glass - 2 oz Mint sprigs - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1 oz Peach-flavored brandy -  mint sprigs - Muddle mint and syrup in Collins glass. Fill with ice. Add brandy and peach-flavored brandy. Stir and garnish with additional mint.
California Lemonade - Collins Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 1/4 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Soda water, Orange and lemon wheels, maraschino cherry - Shake first five ingredients with ice. Strain into shaved ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and garnish with orange, lemon, and cherry. Serve with straws.
Boston Side Car  - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 3/4 oz Mr. Boston Rum - 3/4 oz Mr. Boston Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cablegram - Highball Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Ginger ale - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled highball glass. Fill with ginger ale.
Bull And Bear - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Orange curacao - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Grenadine -  Maraschino cherry, orange half-wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry and orange.
Brooklyn - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Rye or bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Amer Picon or Torani Amer - 1 oz Maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Brighton Punch - Collins Glass - 3/4 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Brandy - 3/4 oz Benedictine - 2 oz Orange juice - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Soda water, orange and lemon wheels - Shake first five ingredients with ice and pour with ice into Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir gently. Garnish with orange and lemon and serve with a straw.
Bourbon Renewal - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Creme de Cassis - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Shake with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Bourbon Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey -  Ginger ale or soda water -  Lemon twist - Pour whiskey into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. Add lemon twist.
Bourbon And Elder - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Elderflower liqueur - 1 oz Angostura Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Bourbon Crusta - Cocktail Glass - For glass Lemon wedge, superfine sugar,  Long, wide spiral of orange zest - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 2 oz Orange Bitters - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Curl the zest spiral in glass. Stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Bourbon Cooler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1/2 oz Orgeat Syrup -  Peach slice - Shake with ice in mixing glass. Pour with ice into old-fashioned glass. Garnish with peach.
Froupe Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Benedictine - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bourbon A La Creme - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1 oz Dark creme de cacao - 1/2 oz Vanilla liqueur - Stir ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
The Bone - Shot Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 3 oz Hot red pepper sauce - Shake with ice and strain into chilled shot glass.
Bobby Burns Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Benedictine -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bloody Scotsman - Old-Fashioned Glass - 24 oz Smoky Scotch whisky, such as Laphroaig - 24 oz Tomato Juice - 24 oz V8 cocktail juice - 1c ketchup - 3 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3 oz Simple Syrup, 3/4 oz - Mix ingredients together, stirring often, in a large container, adding salt to taste. Chill for at least 24 hours before serving. Serve in icefilled old-fashioned glasses.
White Cargo Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Vanilla Ice Cream - 1 oz Mr. Boston Gin - Shake until thoroughly mixed and add water or sauterne if the mixture if too thick. Serve in an old-fashioned glass.
Blood and Sand - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Orange juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Blinker - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Straight rye whisky - 1 1/2 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1 oz Raspberry Syrup -  Grapefruit twist or skewered raspberry - Shake and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with grapefruit twist or raspberry.
Pike's Peak Cooler - Collins Glass - Cider - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Whole Egg - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass with cracked ice. Fill with cider and stir. Insert a spiral of orange or lemon peel (or both) and dangle over rim of glass.
Blarney Stone Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Irish Whiskey - 1/2 oz Anisette - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - 1 oz Orange twist, green olive - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist and olive.
Pacman - Collins Glass - 2 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Bitters -  Ginger ale - Add grenadine, lemon juice, and bitters to collins filled with ice. Top  with wedge of lime. with ginger ale. Notch an orange slice and slide down side of glass.
Lemonade (Golden) - Collins Glass - 1 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 6 oz Water - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Decorate with slices of orange and lemon, and a cherry.
Black Hawk - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz Sloe gin - 1 oz Maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Lemonade (Egg) - Collins Glass - 1 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Whole Egg - Shake and strain into collins glass over ice cubes. Add enough water to fill glass. Serve with straws.
Bensonhurst - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Cynar - 2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Maraschino liqueur - Swirl Cynar in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess Cynar. Stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Chocolate Daisy - Stein - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Grenadine - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Port - Shake with ice and strain into stein or metal cup. Add ice cubes and decorate with fruit
The Beautiful Day - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/4 oz Irish Whiskey - 3/4 oz Rhubarb Syrup - 2 oz Cold brewed green tea -  Edible flowers - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with edible flowers.
French Quarter - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Brandy - 3/4 oz Lillet Blanc -  Lemon quarter-wheel - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon.
Creme de Gin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz White creme de menthe - 1 oz Egg White - 2 oz Lemon Juice - 2 oz Orange Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Creamy Screwdriver - Collins Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 6 oz Orange Juice - 1 oz Sugar - Combine all ingredients with a half-cup of crushed ice in an electric blender. Blend at low speed and pour into collins glass.
Creamy Orange - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Orange Juice - 1 oz Cream sherry - 3/4 oz Brandy - 1 oz Light cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Creamsicle - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vanilla liqueur - 1 1/2 oz Milk - 3 oz Orange Juice - Fill a tall glass with ice, add the above ingredients, and stir.
Cowboy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blended whiskey - 1 oz Light cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Beals Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Coronation Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Dubonnet - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cornell Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Egg White - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Combo - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Basin Street - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Cole's Raspberry Cream - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz Raspberry Yogurt - 1 1/2 oz Raspberry Ice Cream - 1 1/2 oz White creme de cacao - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 2 oz Heavy cream - Shake or blend.
Cognac Coupling - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Cognac - 1 oz Tawny port - 1/2 oz Anis - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Coffee Sour - Sour Glass - 1 1/2 oz Coffee-flavored brandy - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1/2 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Coffee Flip - Sour Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Brandy - 1 oz Port - 2 oz Light Cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Coffee Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Port - 1 oz Brandy - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Purple Mask - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Concord grape juice - 1/2 oz White creme de cacao - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Clove Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Sloe gin - 1/2 oz Muscatel Wine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Clover Leaf Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Juice of a Lime - 2 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Egg White - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with mint leaf on top.
Clover Club Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Egg White - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Priority Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Calvados - 1/2 oz Coffee liqueur -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Clamato Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Clam Juice - 3 oz Tomato Juice - Shake with ice, strain, and serve over ice cubes in old-fashioned glass.
Cider Eggnog - Collins Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1/2 oz Milk - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Then fill the glass with cider and stir. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Chocolate Soldier - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 3/4 oz Dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Chocolate Flip - Sour Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 3/4 oz Sloe gin - 3/4 oz Brandy - 2 oz Light Cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Chocolate Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 1/2 oz Port - 1 1/2 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Chicago Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Port - 1 oz Light Rum - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Pretty In Pink - Collins Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Cranberry Juice - 3/4 oz Creme de noyaux - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Soda water - Shake first four ingredients and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with soda water.
Cherry Wine Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Danish Cherry Wine - 3/4 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cherry Flip - Sour Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 2 oz Light Cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Cherry Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz Cherry Vodka -  Cola - Pour cherry vodka into collins glass over ice cubes. Fill with cola, add a slice of lemon, and stir.
Polynesian Cocktail - Cocktail Glass -  Lime wedge, superfine sugar - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and sugar. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Chateau Briand's Rum Cow - Collins Glass - 1 1/4 oz Dark rum - 1 oz Sugar - 2 oz Bitters - 3/4 oz Milk - Blend and strain into a collins glass.
Champagne Velvet - Champagne Flute - 5 oz Chilled Stout - 5 oz Chilled Champagne - See Black Velvet recipe on page 54.  Pour very carefully, in order given, into champagne flute so that the stout and champagne don't mix. 
Pink Pussycat - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 2 oz Pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz Grenadine - Pour ingredients into ice-filled highball glass and stir.
Back Porch Swizzle - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Ginger beer -  Green Chartreuse -  Fresh mint sprig - Pour first four ingredients in crushed ice-filled highball glass. With barspoon between your palms, move hands back and forth and up and down to quickly rotate and lift spoon, until glass is frosted. Float Chartreuse on top, and garnish with mint.
Canadian Pineapple - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Canadian whisky - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Maraschino - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add a Stick of pineapple.
Calm Voyage - Champagne Flute - 1/2 oz Strega - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Passion Fruit Syrup - 2 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Egg White - Put all ingredients in blender with half a cup of crushed ice. Blend at low speed and pour into champagne flute.
Pink Lemonade - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - 1/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Cranberry Juice, lemon wheel - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with lemon.
Caledonia - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Creme de Cacao (Brown) - 1 oz Brandy - 1 oz Milk - 1 oz Egg Yolk - Shake well with ice and Strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Sprinkle cinnamon on top.
Caf_ di Amaretto  - Mug - 1 oz Hot Black Coffee - 1 oz Amaretto -  Whipped cream - Add 1 oz. Amaretto to a cup of black coffee. Top with whipped cream.
Cafe De Paris Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Anis - 1 oz Light cream - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Aztec's Mark - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz White creme de cacao - 1/4 oz Benedictine - 2 oz Hot red pepper sauce -  Orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Fontainebleau Special - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Brandy - 1 oz Anisette - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Suntan - Highball Glass - 2 oz Hot Shot Tropical Fruit Liqueur - 2 oz Orange Juice - Pour over ice in a highball glass. Fill with club soda.
Sunburn - Highball Glass - 2 oz Hot Shot Tropical Fruit Liqueur - 2 oz Grapefruit Juice - Pour over ice in a highball glass. Fill with club soda. Add a dash of grenadine for color.
Suissesse Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Anisette - 1 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Strawberry Sunries - Highball Glass - 2 oz Strawberry schnapps - 1/2 oz Grenadine - Pour over ice in a highball glass. Fill with orange juice. Garnish with a fresh strawberry.
Autumn Leaves - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3/4 oz Straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz Apple Brandy - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/4 oz Strega - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add orange twist.
Pickled Pink - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Aquavit - 1/2 oz Dill pickle brine - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Dill sprig - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with dill.
Aquarius - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1 oz Cranberry Juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice.
Soul Kiss Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Orange Juice - 1 1/2 oz Dubonnet - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 3/4 oz Bourbon - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Pickled Martini - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 3/4 oz Sweet pickle brine - 1 Sweet pickle slice - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with pickle.
Sloe Gin Flip - Sour Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Sloe gin - 2 oz Light Cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Angel's Share - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz Amaro - 1/4 oz Creme de Cassis - 1 oz Orange Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Silver Stallion Fizz - Highball Glass - 1 oz Vanilla Ice Cream - 2 oz Gin -  Carbonated Water - Shake gin and ice cream with ice and strain into highball glass. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Silver King Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
American Trilogy - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Brown sugar cube, such as Demerara - 1 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1 oz Applejack -  Orange twist - Muddle sugar cube in mixer glass. Add whiskey, applejack, and ice. Stir and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Add orange twist.
Silver Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Egg White -  Carbonated Water - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes.
Sherry Twist Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Cream sherry - 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Top with pinch of cinnamon and a twist of orange peel.
Sherry Sangaree - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Water - 2 oz Cream sherry -  Carbonated Water - 1 oz Port - In an old-fashioned glass, dissolve powdered sugar in water, add sherry, and stir. Add ice cubes and a splash of carbonated water, leaving enough room on which to float port. Add port. Sprinkle lightly with nutmeg.
Sherry Milk Punch - Collins Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Cream sherry - 16 Milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Petit Zinc - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Orange juice -  Orange wedge - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange.
Sherry Flip - Sour Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Cream sherry - 2 oz Light Cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Sherry-and-Egg Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 egg - 2 oz cream sherry - Place an egg in a cocktail glass, being careful not to break the yolk. Add 2 oz. cream sherry.
Americana - Collins Glass - 1 oz Tennessee whiskey - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Chilled American sparkling wine -  Peach slice - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with sparkling wine. Garnish with peach.
Allegheny - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Bourbon whiskey - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Blackberry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Lemon twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Sevilla Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Port - 1 oz Light Rum - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
September Morn Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Peach Iced Tea - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Peach-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz Orange curacao - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Honey Syrup - 2 oz Iced tea -  Peach slice, lemon wheel - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with peach and lemon.
Fantasio Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Brandy - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz White creme de menthe - 1 oz Maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Scotch Bird Flyer - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz Scotch - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Light cream - Shake with ice and strain into champagne flute.
Algonquin - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Savannah - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of Orange - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz White creme de cacao - 1 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Pink Rose Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg White - 2 oz Light cream - 2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Ninotchka Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz White creme de cacao - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Prairie Oyster - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Brandy - 1 oz Worcestershire Sauce - 1 oz Catsup - 1 oz Vinegar - 1 oz Pepper - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over two ice cubes.  Place an egg yolk on top without breaking it. Add a dash of cayenne pepper.
Prairie Chicken - Red-Wine Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Whole Egg -  Pepper and Salt - Open egg without breaking the yolk and put in wine glass. Pour gin on top. Add pepper and salt.
Pousse L'Amour - Sherry Glass - 1 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 1/2 oz Benedictine - 1/2 oz Brandy - Pour carefully, in order given, into 2-oz. sherry glass, so that each ingredient floats on preceding one
Puerto Apple - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Applejack - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Lime Juice - 1 oz Orgeat Syrup - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Decorate with a slice of lime.
Akogare - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz Ginger syrup - 3/4 oz Cold brewed black tea, preferably Japanese - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Prado - Sour Glass - 1 1/2 oz Tequila - 3/4 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Maraschino - 1/2 oz Egg White - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Add a slice of lime and a cherry.
Port Wine Flip - Sour Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Port - 2 oz Light Cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Port Wine Cobbler - Red-Wine Glass - 1 tsp powdered sugar - 2 oz carbonated water - shaved ice - 3 oz port - fruits in season - Dissolve 1 teaspoon powdered sugar in 2 oz. carbonated water; then fill goblet with shaved ice and add 3 oz. port. Stir and decorate with fruits in season. Serve with straws.
Nijinksy Blini - Champagne Flute - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Peach schnapps - 1 oz Peach puree - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Chilled Champagne - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled champagne flute and top with Champagne.
Affinity Cocktail (whisky) - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Blended Scotch Whiskey - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 3 oz Orange Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Plain Vermouth Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Orange Bitters - See Vermouth Cocktail on page 189.
Ping-Pong Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Egg White - 2 oz Sloe gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Moscow Mule - Beer Mug - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Ginger beer -  Lime wedge - Pour vodka and lime juice into copper Moscow Mule mug or standard beer mug. Add ice cubes and fill with ginger beer. Squeeze lime wedge and add to glass.
Phoebe Snow - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Anis - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Affinity Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz Maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 2 oz Orange Bitters -  Orange twist, flamed - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Peggy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/4 oz Anis - 1/4 oz Dubonnet - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Peach Blow Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Light cream - 2 oz Gin - 1/4 oz Peach - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Peach Blossom - Highball Glass - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Peach - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Passion Mimosa - Champagne Flute - 2 oz Chilled Passion Fruit Juice -  Chilled Champagne - Pour chilled juice into champagne flute, fill with chilled champagne. Garnish with strawberry.
Mocha Express - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Irish cream liqueur - 3/4 oz Coffee liqueur - 3/4 oz Cold brewed espresso coffee - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Palmer Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Blended whiskey - 1 oz Bitters - 1/2 oz Lemon Juice - Stir with ice and strain in cocktail glass.
Mr. 404 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Elderflower liqueur - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1/2 oz Aperol -  Orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Mountain Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - 1/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Blended whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Morning Glory Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg White - 1/2 oz Anis - 2 oz Scotch - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Adderly Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz Maraschino liqueur - 2 oz Orange Bitters - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Orange twist, flamed - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Flame orange twist and add.
Fancy Brandy - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Brandy - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters -  Lemon twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Montreal Gin Sour - Sour Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Egg White - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Add a slice of lemon.
Montezuma - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz Tequila - 1 oz Madeira - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 1/2 oz Crushed ice - Mix in blender at low speed and serve in champagne flute.
Miss Jones - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vanilla-flavored vodka - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Butterscotch schnapps - 1/2 oz Limoncello -  Star anise pod - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with star anise.
Mint Gin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Mint-Flavored Gin - 1 oz White Port Wine - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Mint Collins - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz Mint-Flavored Gin - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Add several ice cubes, fill with carbonated water, and stir. Decorate with slices of lemon and orange, and a cherry. Serve with straws.
Million-Dollar Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Egg White - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Millionaire Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 1/4 oz Grenadine - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 1/2 oz Blended whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Academic Review - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Irish Whiskey - 1/2 oz Applejack - 1/2 oz Amaro Nonino - 1/2 oz Rye Whiskey - 1/4 oz Demerara Syrup - 2 oz Mole bitters 1 oz - Stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add orange twist.
Milk Punch - Collins Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Blended whiskey - 1 oz Milk - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Merry Widow Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of Orange - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Sloe gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
May Blossom Fizz - Highball Glass - 1 oz Grenadine - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz Swedish Punch - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Mary Garden Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dubonnet - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
19th Century - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz White creme de cacao - 3/4 oz Lillet Rouge - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Manila Fizz - Highball Glass - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Root Beer - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - Lemon Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes.
1626 - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/2 oz Bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz Gingerbread liqueur - 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 2 oz Angostura Bitters - 1 oz Italian preserved cherry - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Maracuya Mosquito - Collins Glass - 4 oz Fresh basil leaves - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Green Chartreuse - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Passion Fruit Juice, basil leaf - Muddle 4 basil leaves in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice. Double-strain through wire sieve into crushed ice- filled Collins glass. Garnish with a basil leaf.
Madras - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 4 oz Cranberry Juice - 1 oz Orange juice -  Lime wedge - Build in order given into ice-filled highball glass. Squeeze lime and add.
Absinthe Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Absinthe Substitute - 2 oz Water - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Anisette  - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lychee Lucy - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Lychee liqueur - 1/2 oz Fresh orange juice - 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Canned pitted lychee nut stuffed with a small pineapple leaf - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lycheepineapple garnish.
Vodka Martini -  - 1 1/2 oz Mr. Boston Vodka - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - serve with an olive. 
The Loop - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Black cherry-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz White creme de cacao - 1/2 oz Chile Syrup -  Grated bittersweet chocolate - Shake ingredients with ice. Pour into chilled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with chocolate grated on top.
Long Island Iced Tea - Highball Glass - 3/4 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup, 1/2 oz - Shake ingredients, except cola, with ice and pour with ice into highball glass. Add cola for color. Add lemon.
Fallen Leaves - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Calvados - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Brandy -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
L'italienne - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1/4 oz Lillet Blanc - 1/4 oz Ramazzotti Amaro - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Stir and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Rum Dubonnet - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 1/2 oz Dubonnet - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ruby Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Grenadine - 2 oz Sloe gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Limoncello Manzanilla Marmalade Sour - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz Limoncello - 3/4 oz Manzanilla sherry - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Grapefruit marmalade -  Orange twist - Shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Royal Purple Punch - Punch Cup -  2 bottles red wine - ginger ale - lemon - whole cloves - Pour two bottles (750-ml size) claret or red wine and two large bottles ginger ale over ice cubes in punch bowl. Stir well. Float thin slices of lemon studded with cloves on top. Serve in punch glasses.
Royal Gin Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Whole Egg - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Royal Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Royal Clover Club Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Lights On The Plaza - Cocktail Glass - 2Cucumber slices, chopped - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 1/2 oz Acai berry flavored vodka - 1/2 oz Black raspberry liqueur - 1 oz Sparkling wine, raspberry and cucumber - Muddle cucumbers, lemon juice, and syrup in mixing glass. Add vodka, raspberry liqueur, and ice and shake. Double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with sparkling wine. Garnish with raspberry-cucumber skewer.
Rococo - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Cherry Vodka - 1 oz Orange Juice - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rock & Rye Cooler - Collins Glass - 1 oz Rock and Rye - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Lime Juice -  Bitter lemon soda - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice.
Rock & Rye Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Rock and Rye - 1 oz White Port Wine - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Le Paradini - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Raspberry-flavored liqueur - 1/2 oz Grand Marnier - 1 oz Chilled Champagne - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with Champagne.
Red Swizzle - Collins Glass - 1 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Carbonated Water - 2 oz Gin - 2 oz Bitters - 1 oz Grenadine - Make the same as Gin Swizzle (see page 99) and add one tablespoon of grenadine. If desired, rum, brandy, or whiskey may be substituted for the gin.
Lemon Drop - Cocktail Glass - For glass Lemon wedge, superfine sugar - 1 1/2 oz lemon-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup -  Lemon wedge - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Shake ingredients with ice. Strain into glass. Squeeze lemon wedge and add.
Rebel Charge  - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Bourbon - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Orange Juice - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add orange slice.
Rattlesnake Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blended whiskey - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1/4 oz Anis - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ramos Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Light cream - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
San Francisco - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Sloe gin - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Bitters - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Sand-Martini Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Green Chartreuse - 1 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Sake - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sake Martini (Sakini) - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Sake - 3 oz Gin - Stir with ice, strain into 3- or 4-oz. cocktail glass and serve with an olive.
Lemon Crush - Cocktail Glass - For glass Lemon wedge, superfine sugar - 1 1/2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz Crema di limoncello - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Rye Whiskey Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Bitters - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Rye Whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Leaves Of Grass - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Aquavit - 1/2 oz Old Tom gin - 1/2 oz Demerara Syrup - 2 oz Orange Bitters - 1 oz Absinthe -  Celery stick - Stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add celery stick.
Widow's Dream - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Benedictine - 1 oz Whole Egg - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float one teaspoon of sweet cream on top.
Whiskey Flip - Sour Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Blended whiskey - 2 oz Light Cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
L.A. Sunrise - Hurricane Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Creme de banana - 2 oz Fresh orange juice - 2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/4 oz Dark rum -  Lime wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled hurricane or parfait glass. Float rum on top. Garnish with lime and cherry.
White Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Gin - 1 oz Orange Juice - 1 oz Juice of a Lime - 1/2 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
White Plush - Collins Glass - 2 oz Blended whiskey - 1 oz Milk - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass.
White Elephant - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Whiskey Toddy (cold) - Mug - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Water - 2 oz Blended whiskey - Stir sugar and water in a mug. Add ice cubes and whiskey, and stir. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Kretchma Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz White creme de cacao - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Whiskey Skin - Punch Cup - 1lump of sugar - boiling water - 2 oz blended whiskey - lemon peel - Put lump of sugar into hot punch cup and fill two-thirds with boiling water. Add 2 oz. Blended Whiskey. Stir, then add a twist of lemon peel.
Whiskey Milk Punch - Collins Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Blended whiskey - 8 Milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Katana - Cocktail Glass - 3 oz Cucumber slices - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Sake - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Cucumber - Muddle 3 cucumber slices in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice. Double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cucumber slice.
Ethel Duffy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 3/4 oz White creme de menthe - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Daiquiri - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Wembley Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/4 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 1/2 oz Apple Brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Weep-No-More Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 3/4 oz Dubonnet - 3/4 oz Brandy - 1/4 oz Maraschino - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jungle Juice - Collins Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz each Cranberry Juice, orange juice, pineapple juice, lemon juice - 1 oz Simple Syrup -  Orange wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and pour with ice into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Wedding Belle Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Orange Juice - 1 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Dubonnet - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Waterloo - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Light Rum - 3 oz Orange Juice - 1/2 oz Mandarine Napoleon Liqueur - Pour rum and orange juice over ice in an old-fashioned glass. Stir. Float Mandarine Napoleon on top.
Waterbury Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Egg White - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Washington Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 3/4 oz Brandy - 2 oz Bitters - 1/2 oz Sugar Syrup - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Jamaican Ten Speed - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Melon liqueur - 1/4 oz Creme de banana - 1/4 oz Coconut-flavored rum - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Twin Six Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/4 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Orange Juice - 1 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jackie-O - Cocktail Glass - For glass Lime wedge, pink sanding sugar - 1/2 oz each Citrus-flavored vodka and orange-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz Creme de Cassis - 1 oz Apricot nectar - 1/2 oz each Fresh lemon juice and cranberry juice -  Chilled Champagne,  Orange half-wheel, lime wheel - Rim chilled large cocktail glass with lime wedge and pink sugar. Shake first six ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Top with Champagne. Garnish with orange and lime.
Tropical Heart - Irish Coffee Glass - 1 oz Hot Shot Tropical Fruit Liqueur -  Hot Apple Cider - Pour ingredients into Irish coffee cup and stir. Garnish with a cinnamon stick.
Trois Rivieres - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Canadian whisky - 1 oz Dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add a twist of orange peel.
Tovarich Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Kummel - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Italian Screwdriver - Hurricane Glass - For glass Lime wedge, superfine sugar - 1 1/2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 3 oz Orange juice - 2 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1 oz Ginger ale -  Lime wheel - Rim hurricane glass with lime wedge and sugar; fill with ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice. Strain into glass. Garnish with lime.
T.N.T. Cocktail No. 2 - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Tequila -  Tonic - Mix with ice in an old-fashioned glass.
T.N.T. Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blended whiskey - 1 1/2 oz Anis - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ibiza - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Orange-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz Campari - 1 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1 oz Pomegranate molasses - 1 oz Peach schnapps - 1 oz Apple schnapps, grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Thunder - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1 oz Cayenne Pepper - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Huntsman Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Jamaica Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Tequila Fizz - Collins Glass - 2 oz Tequila - 3/4 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Egg White - Shake well with ice and strain into collins glass over ice cubes. Fill with ginger ale and stir.
Humpty Dumpty - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Orange juice - 1/2 oz Galliano - 1 oz Whole Egg - 3 oz Peychaud's Bitters - Shake without ice. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Tequila Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Tequila - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 4 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Egg White - Shake ingredients with crushed ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon slice.
Temptation Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blended whiskey - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Anis - 1/2 oz Dubonnet - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add twists of lemon and orange peel.
Tchoupitolas Street Guzzle - Highball Glass - 1 oz Light Rum -  Ginger beer - Pour rum into highball glass over ice cubes. Add ginger beer.
Tahitian Tea - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Hot Shot Tropical Fruit Liqueur - 1 oz 7-Up - 1 oz each Cranberry Juice and orange juice - In a highball glass, mix 1/2 oz. each of Gin, Light Rum, Vodka, and Hot Shot Tropical Fruit Liqueur. Add 1 oz. each of 7-Up, cranberry juice, and orange juice. Stir.
Limey  - Champagne Flute - 1 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Lime Liqueur - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 2 oz Lime Juice - Combine ingredients and a half-cup of crushed ice in an electric blender. Blend at low speed and pour into champagne flute. Add a twist of lime peel.
Headless Horseman - Collins Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 3 oz Angostura Bitters -  Ginger ale -  Orange wheel - Pour vodka and bitters into Collins glass. Add ice, fill with ginger ale, and stir. Garnish with orange.
Love Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Sloe gin - 1 oz Egg White - 1/2 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Raspberry Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Los Angeles Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Blended whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Long Island Tea - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Tequila - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon -  Cola - Combine ingredients and pour over ice in tall glass. Add a dash of cola for color. Garnish with slice of lemon.
Harvey Wallbanger - Collins Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 4 oz Fresh orange juice - 1/2 oz Galliano - Stir vodka and orange juice in Collins glass. Add ice and stir again. Float Galliano on top.
Lime Giant - Collins Glass - 2 oz Lime Vodka -  Lemon-lime soda - Put ice cubes in collins glass and add lime vodka. Fill with lemon and lime soda. Decorate with a slice of lime.
Lil Naue - Red-Wine Glass - 1 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Port - 1/2 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg Yolk - Shake with ice and strain into wine glass. Sprinkle cinnamon on top.
Harrington - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Green Chartreuse -  Orange zest - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange zest.
El Profesor - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Pisco - 1/2 oz Punt e Mes - 1/2 oz Benedictine - 2 oz Aromatic bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Leap Year Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Orange Flavored Gin - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lasky Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Grape Juice - 3/4 oz Swedish Punch - 3/4 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lady Love Fizz - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Egg White - 2 oz Gin - 2 oz Light cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Handball Cooler - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka -  Soda water - 1/2 oz Orange juice -  Lime wedge - Pour vodka into ice-filled highball glass. Fill almost to top with soda water. Top with orange juice and stir. Add lime.
Hyatt's Jamaican Banana - Brandy Snifter - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz White creme de cacao - 1/2 oz Creme de banana - 2 oz Vanilla Ice Cream - 1 oz half-and-half - 1 oz Banana - Blend, then garnish with 2 slices banana, strawberry, and nutmeg, and serve in a large brandy snifter.
H.P.W. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
Hot Shot Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Tequila - 1 oz Hot Shot Tropical Fruit Liqueur - 1 1/2 oz Lemon or Lime Juice - Rub rim of cocktail glass with rind of lemon or lime, dip rim in salt. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into the salt-rimmed glass.
The Groupie - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz Lemon wedges - 1/2 oz Superfine sugar - 2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka -  Ginger beer - Muddle lemons and sugar in mixing glass. Add vodka and ice and shake. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and top with ginger beer.
Hot Brandy Flip - Mug - 1Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Brandy -  Hot milk - Beat egg, sugar, and brandy; pour into mug and fill with hot milk. Stir. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Grape Nehi - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Raspberry-flavored liqueur - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Hole-in-One Cocktai - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz Scotch - 3/4 oz Vermouth - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Grapefruit Gimlet Royale - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Fresh grapefruit juice - 1/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Chilled Champagne - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with Champagne.
Hair Raiser - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz 100-proof Vodka - 1/2 oz Rock and Rye - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Godmother - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Amaretto - Combine in ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Green Opal - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Anisette - 1 oz Anis - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Green Hornet (Dry) - Collins Glass - 2 oz Lime Vodka -  Lemon-lime soda - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - Pour lime vodka over ice cubes in a collins glass. Fill with lemon-lime soda, stir, and add a half-slice of lime.
Green Fizz - Highball Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg White - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Green creme de menthe - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two cubes of ice. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Godchild - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Amaretto - 1 oz Heavy cream - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Grape Vodka Froth - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Grape Juice - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Grapefruit Nog - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Honey - 1 oz Whole Egg - Blend all ingredients with a cup of crushed ice at low speed and pour into collins glass over ice cubes.
Golden Slipper - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 2 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float an unbroken egg yolk on top
Golden Freindship - Collins Glass -  Amaretto -  Sweet Vermouth -  Light Rum - Mix equal parts in a collins glass over ice and fill with ginger ale. Garnish with an orange spiral and a cherry.
Golden Frappe - Collins Glass - 1 oz Orange Juice - 2 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Sugar - 1 oz Port - Stir orange juice, lemon juice, and sugar in collins glass. Add crushed ice and port.
Glass Tower - Collins Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Peach schnapps - 1 oz White rum - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Sambuca -  Lime soda, orange wheel, maraschino cherry - Pour first five ingredients into Collins glass. Add ice, then fill with lemon-lime soda and stir. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Golden Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Egg Yolk - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass. Fill with carbonated water.
Gloom Lifter - Highball Glass - 1 oz Blended whiskey - 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Raspberry Syrup - 1/2 oz Sugar - 1/2 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with ice cubes.
Glogg - Punch Cup - 2 750-ml Wine (Port, Cream Sherry, Claret, Burgundy, or Madeira) - 2 oz Dried Orange Peel - 2 oz Cinnamon sticks - 20 Cardamom Seeds - 25cloves - Pour the wine into a kettle. Insert cheesecloth bag containing remaining ingredients and boil slowly for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add 1 lb. each blanched almonds and seedless raisins and continue to boil for additional 15 minutes. Remove kettle from stove and place wire grill containing 1 lb. lump sugar over opening. Pour one 750-ml Brandy over sugar, making sure to saturate all of it. Then light sugar with match and let it flame. After sugar has melted, replace kettle cover to extinguish flame. Stir again and remove spice bag. Serve hot in punch cups with a few almonds and raisins.
Georgia Peach - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Peach schnapps - 1 oz Grenadine -  Lemonade - Stir first three ingredients in Collins glass. Add ice and stir again. Fill with lemonade.
Georgia Mule - Collins Glass - 1 oz Peach slice, skinned - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 2 oz Peach bitters -  Ginger beer -  Peach slice - Muddle 1 peach slice in Collins glass. Add vodka, lemon juice, and bitters, then stir. Fill with ice and ginger beer; stir again. Garnish with peach slice.
Gentle Ben - Collins Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Blanco tequila -  Orange juice -  Orange wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with orange juice and stir. Garnish with orange and cherry.
East India Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Jamaica Rum - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Angostura Bitters -  Lemon twist, maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist and cherry.
General Harrison's Eggnog - Collins Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar -  Red wine - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Fill glass with red wine and stir. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Gables Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Creme de noyaux - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice -  Soda water -  Lemon wheel, pineapple chunk - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water. Garnish with lemon and pineapple.
Frozen Brandy and Rum - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - Combine ingredients with a cup of crushed ice in an electric blender and blend at low speed. Pour into old-fashioned glass.
Frozen Apple - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Applejack - 1 oz Lime Juice - 1 oz Sugar - 1/2 oz Egg White - Combine ingredients with a cup of crushed ice in an electric blender and blend at low speed. Pour into old-fashioned glass.
Frisky Witch - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Sambuca -  Black licorice stick - Stir in old-fashioned glass. Add ice and stir again. Garnish with licorice.
Froth Blower Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
French Martini - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Black raspberry liqueur - 3/4 oz Pineapple Juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Flatiron Martini - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Splash triple sec - 1 1/2 oz Orange-flavored vodka - 1 1/2 oz Lillet Blanc -  Orange wheel - Swirl triple sec in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess triple sec. Stir vodka and Lillet with ice and strain into glass. Garnish with orange.
Favourite Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 3/4 oz Lemon Juice - 1/4 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Electric Jam - Collins Glass - 1 1/4 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Blue curacao - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Lime soda - Pour first four ingredients into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with lemon-lime soda and stir.
Fairy Belle Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Grenadine - 3/4 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Duke Cocktail - Champagne Flute - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Orange Juice - 2 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Whole Egg -  Chilled Champagne - Add first five ingredients, shake with ice. and strain into champagne flute. Fill with chilled champagne and stir.
Dreamy Dorini Smoking Martini - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Smoky Scotch, such as Laphroaig - 4 oz Pastis -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Dubonnet Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz Dubonnet  - ginger ale - carbonated water - twist of lemon - Put Dubonnet in highball glass with two ice cubes and fill with ginger ale or carbonated water. Add a twist of lemon peel, if desired, and stir.
Dubonnet Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of Orange - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 2 oz Dubonnet - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Dubonnet Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dubonnet - 3/4 oz Gin - 1 oz Orange Bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Doctor Cook - Red-Wine Glass - 3/4 oz Gin - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into wine glass.
Desert Sunrise - Collins Glass - 1 1/4 oz Vodka - 1 1/2 oz Fresh orange juice - 1 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Grenadine - Pour first three ingredients over crushed ice in Collins glass. Do not stir. Top with grenadine.
Dillatini - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - A Martini substituting a dilly bean in place of the olive. See Martini on page 130.
Devil's Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Lemon Juice - 1 1/2 oz Port - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Derby Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 Whole Egg - 2 oz Scotch - 1 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Cubeltini - Cocktail Glass - 3 oz Cucumber slices - 5Fresh mint leaves - 1 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Fresh mint sprig - Muddle the cucumber, mint leaves, and syrup. Add vodka and lime juice. Shake and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with mint sprig.
Crocodile Cooler - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 1 oz Melon liqueur - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Lime soda, pineapple wedge, maraschino cherry or lime wheel - Stir first five ingredients in hurricane glass. Add ice, fill with lemonlime soda, and stir again. Garnish with pineapple and cherry or lime wheel. Serve with a straw.
Cosmopolitan - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Cranberry Juice -  Lime wheel - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Dream Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Anisette - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Jean Lafitte Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Anis - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg Yolk - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Japanese Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Blended whiskey - 1 oz Port - 1 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two cubes of ice. Fill with carbonated water and stir. Serve with slice of pineapple.
Citronella Cooler - Collins Glass - 1 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 2 oz Lemonade - 1 oz Cranberry Juice -  Lime wedge - Stir in Collins glass. Add ice and stir again. Squeeze and add lime.
North Pole Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 1/2 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Top with whipped cream.
The Cinquecento - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Bison grass vodka (Zubrowka) - 1/2 oz Benedictine - 1/2 oz Campari - 3/4 oz Fresh grapefruit juice - 1 oz Angostura Bitters -  Grapefruit twist - Shake with ice. Strain through wire sieve into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
New Orleans Gin Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg White - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Light cream, 1/2 oz - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Napoleon - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Curacao - 1/2 oz Dubonnet - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Zombie - Collins Glass - 1 oz Gold rum - 1 oz 151-Proof Rum - 1 oz Light Rum - 1 oz each Fresh Lime Juice, lemon juice, pineapple juie, and passion fruit syrup - 2 oz Demerara Syrup - 1 oz Tiki (such as Bittermen's 'Elemakule) or Angostura bitters (optional) Garnish: Fresh mint sprig - Shake with ice and pour into chilled Collins glass. Garnish with mint.
Kiss the Boys Goodbye - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Sloe gin - 3/4 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Egg White - 1 oz Juice of a Lemon - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
X.Y.Z. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
K.G.B. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Kummel - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/4 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Eye-Opener - Sour Glass - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Anis - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz White creme de cacao - 2 oz Light Rum - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Wiki Waki Woo - Hurricane Glass - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz 151-Proof Rum - 1/2 oz each Vodka, tequila blanco, triple sec - 1 oz Amaretto - 1 oz each Fresh orange juice, pineapple juice, cranberry juice -  Orange wheel, maraschino cherry - Stir all ingredients with ice. Pour, with ice, into hurricane or parfait glass. Add orange and cherry.
Elk's Own Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 1 1/2 oz Blended whiskey - 3/4 oz Port - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a strip of pineapple.
Eggnog Supreme - Punch Cup - 1 oz Medium Eggs - 1 oz Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Whole milk - 1 oz Heavy Cream, Whipped - 1 750-ml Cognac -  Powdered Nutmeg - Separate eggs; beat yolks in large serving bowl, adding sugar while beating. Stir in milk and cream. Slowly add cognac and refrigerate for 1 hour. Before serving, whip egg whites stiff. Mix into eggnog, dust with nutmeg.
Egg Sour - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz Brandy - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass.
White Lion Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Grenadine - 2 oz Angostura Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
White Lily Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 3/4 oz Gin - 1 oz Anisette - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Ice Cream Flip - Sour Glass - 1 oz Whole Egg - 1 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1 small Vanilla Ice Cream - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Outrigger - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Peach-flavored brandy - 1 oz Lime Vodka - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Opera Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Maraschino - 1/2 oz Dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Virginia Dare - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Ripe pear - 2 oz Dark rum - 1/2 oz Benedictine - 2 oz Angostura Bitters - Muddle 1 pear slice in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and strain through a fine wire sieve into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with remaining pear slice.
Opening Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Grenadine - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Blended whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Queen Bee - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Lime Vodka - 1 oz Coffee-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz Cream sherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Van Vleet - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Maple Syrup - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Zaza Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Dubonnet - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
The Vacation Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Peeled and chopped fresh ginger - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz each Simple Syrup, light rum, dark rum - 1 oz Mango juice - 1/2 oz each Cranberry Juice, orange juice, spiced rum -  Mango slice - Muddle ginger, lime juice, and syrup in mixing glass. Add all but spiced rum. Shake with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass and float spiced rum on top. Garnish with mango.
Dolores - Champagne Flute - 1 oz Brandy, preferably Spanish - 1 oz Cherry liqueur - 1 oz White or dark creme de cacao - 1 oz Egg White -  Freshly grated nutmeg - Shake without ice. shake with ice and strain into a chilled champagne flute. Top with nutmeg.
Vesuvio - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1/2 oz Egg White - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Urban Anxiety - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Cachaca - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 3/4 oz Cynar - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Grapefruit twist, flamed - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Flame grapefruit twist and add.
Virgin - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1/2 oz White creme de menthe - 1 oz Forbidden Fruit - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tropica Cocktail - Collins Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 3 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Fresh grapefruit juice - 1 oz Grenadine -  Pineapple wedge - Mix ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Add pineapple wedge.
Vermouth Cassis - Highball Glass - 3/4 oz Creme de Cassis - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - Stir in highball glass with ice cubes and Fill with carbonated water. Stir again and serve.
Verboten - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Forbidden Fruit - 1 oz Orange Juice - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add brandied cherry.
Velvet Hammer No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Strega - 1 oz White creme de cacao - 1 oz Light cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Velvet Hammer No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Creme de Cacao - 1 oz Light cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ulanda Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 1/4 oz Anis - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Torridora Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Coffee-flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz half-and-half - 1 oz 151-Proof Rum - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Float 151-proof rum on top.
Boston Sour - Sour Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Blended whiskey - 1 oz Egg White - Shake with cracked ice and strain into sour glass. Add a slice of lemon and a cherry.
Three Miller Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3 oz Fresh cherry tomatoes - 2 oz Dark rum - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Muddle tomatoes in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bird-of-Paradise Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Grenadine - 2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water.
Biffy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Swedish Punch - 1 1/2 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Between-The-Sheets Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Light Rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Third-Rail Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Apple Brandy - 3/4 oz Brandy - 1/4 oz Anisette - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bentley - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Apple Brandy - 1 oz Dubonnet - Stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Tahiti Club - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/4 oz Maraschino liqueur -  Lemon wheel - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon.
Barton Special - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1/2 oz Applejack - 1/4 oz Scotch - 1/4 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Barnaby's Buffalo Blizzard - Collins Glass - 1 oz White creme de cacao - 3/4 oz Vodka - 1 oz Galliano -  Vanilla Ice Cream - 1 oz Grenadine -  Whipped cream and 3/4 oz - Shake or blend. Serve in a collins glass.
Susie Taylor - Collins Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Ginger ale - Pour rum and lime juice into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with ginger ale and stir.
Baltimore Bracer - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Anisette - 1 oz Brandy - 1 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bachelor's Bait Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Orange Bitters - 1/2 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bushranger - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Dubonnet - 1 oz Bitters - Stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sunset at Gowanus - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Dark rum - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Maple Syrup - 1/4 oz Brandy - 1/4 oz Yellow Chartreuse - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bulldog Highballl - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of Orange - 2 oz Gin - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Bucks Fizz (Mimosa) - Collins Glass - 2 oz Orange Juice -  Chilled Champagne - Pour 2 oz. orange juice in a collins glass over two cubes of ice, fill with Chilled Champagne, and stir very gently.
Buckjones - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Sweet Sherry - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - Pour ingredients into highball glass over ice cubes and stir. Fill with ginger ale.
Stormy Colada - Highball Glass - 2 oz Dark rum - 2 oz Pineapple Juice -  Ginger beer -  Skewered pineapple wedge, mint sprig, candied ginger slice - Add rum and pineapple juice to ice-filled highball glass. Fill with ginger beer and stir. Add skewered garnish.
Bronx SIlver Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of Orange - 1 oz Egg White - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Gin - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Bronx Golden Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Orange - Same as Bronx Cocktail with the addition of one egg yolk. Use sour glass.
Stone Wall - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 slicesthin Peeled fresh ginger - 3/4 oz Demerara Syrup - 1 1/2 oz Fresh apple cider - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum -  Jamaican ginger beer -  Green apple slice, lime wedge - Muddle ginger and syrup in mixing glass. Add cider and rum and shake with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and fill with ginger beer. Add apple and lime.
Depth Bomb - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Apple Brandy - 1 oz Brandy - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Stone Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Dry Sherry - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Almeria - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz 17-year-old J. Wray and Nephew Ltd. Rum - 1 oz Coffee-flavored liqueur - 1 oz Egg White - Shake all ingredients with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Aunt Jemima - Pousse-Cafe_ Glass - 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz White creme de cacao - 1/2 oz Benedictine - Pour carefully, in order given, into a pousse-cafe glass so that ingredients do not mix.
Spanish Town Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Apricot Lady - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/4 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Lime Juice - 1 oz Egg White - Shake all ingredients with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add an orange slice.
Apricot Anise Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Anisette - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into Collins glass over ice. Fill with carbonated water and stir lightly. Garnish with a slice of lemon.
Apple Rum Rickey - Highball Glass - 3/4 oz Applejack - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 1/4 oz Lime - Pour applejack and rum into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water. Squeeze lime and drop into glass. Stir.
Sloppy Joe's Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Applejack Punch - Punch Cup - 1 3/4 ozApplejack - 4 oz Grenadine - 16 oz Orange Juice - 64 Ginger ale - 1 oz Whole Egg - Combine first three ingredients in punch bowl with large block of ice. Add ginger ale and slices of apple.
Brandy Flip - Sour Glass - 1Whole Egg - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 2 oz Light Cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Sir Walter Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Brandy - 1 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Saxon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Grenadine -  Orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Boston Bullet - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - A Martini substituting an olive stuffed with an almond for the regular olive. See Martini on page 130.
Sargasso - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Aged rhum agricole - 3/4 oz Dry Sherry - 1/2 oz Aperol - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange twist.
Santiago Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1/2 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Black Velvet - Champagne Flute - 5 oz Chilled Stout - 5 oz Chilled Champagne - Pour very carefully, in order given, into champagne flute so that the stout and champagne don't mix. 
Saint Lucy Bracer - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Dark rum - 1/2 oz Butterscotch schnapps - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Edible flower, such as nasturtium - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with flower.
Applecar - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Applejack - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Apple Blow Fizz - Highball Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Apple Brandy - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water.
Antoine Special - Red-Wine Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - Float vermouth on top of chilled Dubonnet in a wine glass.
Ante - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Apple Brandy - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Dubonnet - Stir well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
S & V - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Creole Shrubb (rum-based orange liqueur) - 1/2 oz Ruby port - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lime wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Rum Toddy (Cold) - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Light or dark rum - 1/2 oz Water - 1 oz Simple Syrup -  Lemon twist - 1/2 oz Brandy - Stir rum, water, and syrup in old-fashioned glass. Add large cube of ice. Add lemon twist.
Deauville Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Apple Brandy - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Allies Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Kummel - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Swizzle - Collins Glass - 2 oz Light or dark rum - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Soda water - Combine first four ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. With bar spoon between your palms, move hands back and forth and up and down to quickly rotate and lift spoon, until glass is frosted. Top with soda water. Serve with a swizzle stick.
A. J. - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Applejack - 1 oz Grapefruit Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
After Supper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup -  Lemon half-wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Acapulco - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Lime Juice - 1 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Sugar - 1 Egg White - Combine and shake all ingredients with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add a sprig of mint.
Absinthe Drip Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Anis - 1 oz Sugar - Pour Anis into special drip glass or old-fashioned cocktail glass. Place sugar cube over hole of drip spoon (or in silver tea strainer). Pack spoon or strainer with cracked ice, pour cold water to fill. When water has dripped through, drink is ready.
Ambrosia - Highball Glass - 1 oz Applejack - 1 oz Brandy - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1 Juice of a Lemon -  Chilled Champagne - Shake all ingredients except champagne. Pour contents into highball glass with cubed ice. Fill with chilled champagne.
Rum Screwdriver - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 5 oz Orange juice - Stir rum and orange juice in ice-filled highball glass.
Rum Rickey - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Soda water -  Lime wedge - Pour rum and lime juice into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with soda water and stir. Add lime.
Scotch Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Creme de Menthe (White) - 1 1/2 oz Desmond & Duff Scotch Whisky - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Relaxer - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/2 oz Grenadine -  Lemon-lime soda -  Orange wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and pour with ice into hurricane or parfait glass. Fill glass with lemon-lime soda. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Rum Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz 151-Proof Rum - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir in ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Rum Martini - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Dry Vermouth -  Lemon twist - Stir rum and vermouth with ice in mixing glass. Strain into ice-filled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Rum Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz Light or dark rum -  Ginger ale or soda water -  Lemon twist - Pour rum into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. Add lemon twist.
Rum Fix - Highball Glass - 2 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Fresh lemon or lime juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Lemon wheel - Pour ingredients into ice-filled highball glass and stir. Add lemon. Serve with a straw.
Rum Daisy - Beer Mug - 2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Grenadine -  Fresh seasonal fruit - Shake with ice and strain into chilled beer mug or metal cup. Add 1 large ice cube. Garnish with fruit.
D'artagnan - Champagne Flute - 1 oz Armagnac - 1 oz Grand Marnier - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 1/2 oz Orange juice - 3 oz Chilled Champagne -  orange zest  - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into champagne flute. Top with Champagne and insert orange zest strips to extend the length of the glass.
Rum Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Soda water -  Soda water or ginger ale -  Orange and/or lemon zest - Stir rum and syrup in Collins glass. Fill with ice, add soda water or ginger ale, and stir again. Insert citrus spiral(s) and dangle end(s) over glass rim.
Rum Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Soda water -  Lemon wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake rum, lime juice, and syrup with ice and strain into chilled Collins glass. Add several ice cubes, fill with soda water, and stir. Add lemon and cherry. Serve with a straw.
Seaboabd - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Blended Whiskey - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Decorate with mint leaves.
Rum Cobbler - Red-Wine Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup -  Soda water -  Generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - In red-wine glass, stir rum and syrup. Top with soda water. Garnish with fruit and serve with a straw.
Robson Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Jamaica Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Fresh orange juice - 1/4 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Rio Fix - Champagne Flute - 2 oz Absinthe or pastis - 1 1/2 oz Cachaca - 1/2 oz Maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - Pour pastis into chilled champagne flute and swirl to coat inside. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Ringo Starr - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz Red grapes - 1/2 oz Lemon - 6Fresh mint leaves - 1 oz Sugar cube - 2 oz African rum - Muddle grapes, lemon, mint, and sugar in shaker. Add rum and ice and shake briefly. Strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
Restless Native - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Coconut rum - 3/4 oz White creme de cacao - 1 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lime zest spiral - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime spiral.
Quarter Deck Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Cream sherry - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Quaker's Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Raspberry Syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Puerto Rican Rum Daisy - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dark rum - 1/4 oz Orange curacao - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz each Orange juice and simple syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters -  Freshly grated nutmeg, orange wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with nutmeg and garnish with orange.
Cuban Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Prohibition Punch - Brandy Snifter - 1 1/2 oz Dark rum - 3/4 oz Grand Marnier - 1 oz Passion Fruit Juice - 1 oz Cranberry Juice - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 2 oz Champagne - Shake first five ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled snifter. Top with Champagne.
Prairie Oyster Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1 oz Worcestershire Sauce - 1 oz Tomato Catsup - 1 oz Vinegar - 1 oz Pepper - 1 oz Egg Yolk, 1 oz - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over two ice cubes. Place an egg yolk on top without breaking it. Add a dash of cayenne pepper.
Poker Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Planter's Punch No. 2 - Collins Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 2 oz Orange juice - 1 oz each Fresh Lime Juice, jamaica rum, grenadine - 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/4 oz each Fresh lemon juice, triple sec -  Lemon, orange, and pineapple slices; maraschino cherry; fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Stir first five ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass until glass is frosted. Add Jamaican rum, stir, and top with triple sec and grenadine. Garnish with fruit and mint. Serve with a straw.
Planter's Punch No. 1 - Collins Glass - 2 1/2 oz Light Rum - 2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Soda water - 1 oz Grenadine -  Lemon, orange, and pineapple slices; maraschino cherry - Stir rum, lime juice, syrup, and bitters in ice-filled Collins glass until glass is frosted. Fill with soda water and top with grenadine. Garnish with the fruit. Serve with a straw.
Planter's Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Jamaica Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Simple Syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Pink Paradise - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz Coconut-flavored rum - 1 oz Amaretto - 3 oz Cranberry Juice - 1 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice -  Pineapple wedge, maraschino cherry - Stir ingredients in ice-filled hurricane glass. Garnish with pineapple and cherry.
Pink Creole - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz Grenadine - 1/4 oz half-and-half -  Rum-soaked black cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add cherry.
Pineapple Fizz - Highball Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Simple Syrup -  Soda water - Shake rum, pineapple juice, and syrup with ice and strain into chilled highball glass over 2 ice cubes. Fill with soda water and stir.
Pineapple Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Pearl Button - Collins Glass - 2 oz Cachaca (Brazilian rum) - 3/4 oz Lillet Blanc - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lemon-lime soda -  Pineapple wedge, maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with soda. Garnish with pineapple and cherry.
The Crux - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Dubonnet - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 3/4 oz Brandy - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Paris When It Sizzles - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Elderflower liqueur - 2 oz Dark rum - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz Angostura Bitters -  Lime wedge - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Palmetto Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 2 oz Angostura Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Paddington - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Absinthe - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Lillet Blanc - 1/2 oz Fresh grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Orange marmalade, grapefruit twist - Pour absinthe into chilled cocktail glass, swirl to coat inside, and discard excess. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add grapefruit twist.
The Old Cuban - Cocktail Glass - 6 Fresh mint leaves - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 1/2 oz Dark rum - 2 oz Angostura Bitters - 2 oz Champagne, chopped fresh mint - Muddle mint leaves, syrup, and lime juice in mixing glass. Add rum, bitters, and ice and shake well. Strain into chilled cocktail glass and top with Champagne. Garnish with chopped mint.
Oh, Gosh! - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lemon twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Night Cap - Irish Coffee Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Warm milk -  Freshly grated nutmeg - Pour rum and syrup in prewarmed Irish coffee glass, fill with warm milk, and stir. Top with nutmeg.
New Orleans Buck - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Fresh orange juice - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Ginger ale - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with ginger ale and stir.
Nevada Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Grapefruit Juice - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Moonquake Shake - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dark rum - 1 oz Coffee-flavored brandy - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Monkey Wrench - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum -  Grapefruit Juice - Pour rum into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with grapefruit juice and stir.
Creme De Cafe - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Coffee-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Anisette - 1 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Cointreau or triple sec - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lime wedge, coarse (kosher) salt - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Mojito - Collins Glass - 3 oz Lime wedges - 7 Fresh mint leaves - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Light Rum -  Soda water -  Fresh mint sprig - Muddle the limes, mint, and syrup in a Collins glass. Add the rum with ice and stir well. Top with soda water. Garnish with mint.
Champagne Flamingo - Champagne Flute - 3/4 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Campari - 5 oz Chilled Champagne -  Orange twist - Shake vodka and Campari with ice. Strain into chilled champagne flute and top with Champagne. Add orange twist.
Thunder and Lightning Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Casco Bay Lemonade - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 2 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Cranberry Juice -  Lemon-lime soda -  Lemon wheel - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill glass with lemon-lime soda. Float lemon wheel on top.
Caribbean Cruise - Collins Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1/4 oz Light Rum - 1/4 oz Coconut-flavored rum - 1 oz Grenadine - 4 oz Pineapple Juice -  Pineapple wedge, maraschino cherry - Shake first four ingredients with ice and pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with pineapple juice. Garnish with pineapple and cherry.
Cappuccino Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Coffee-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz half-and-half - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 5 oz Cranberry Juice -  Lime wedge - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Cape Codder - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 5 oz Cranberry Juice -  Lime wedge - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Anisette  - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1 oz Egg White - Pour into ice-filled highball glass. Stir well. Garnish with lime.
Baltimore Bracer Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Anisette  - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1 oz Egg White - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. 
Caesar - Highball Glass - For glass Lemon wedge, celery salt - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 4 oz Tomato-clam juice - 1/2 oz Prepared horseradish - 1 oz each Worcestershire Sauce, salt, ground black pepper -  Celery stalk, lemon wedge - Rim highball glass with lemon and celery salt, and then fill with ice. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Garnish with celery and lemon.
Bull Shot - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3 oz Cold beef bouillon - 1 oz Worcestershire Sauce - 1 oz Salt - 1 oz Freshly ground black pepper - Shake with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
Bullfrog - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 5 oz Lemonade -  Lime wheel - Pour into ice-filled Collins glass and stir. Garnish with lime.
Boston Gold - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Creme de banana - 2 oz Fresh orange juice - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass.
Corpse Reviver No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Cognac - 1 oz Calvados, apple brandy, or applejack - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Thanksgiving Special Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Apricot Flavored Brandy - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Tequini Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Tequila - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with twist of lemon peel and an olive.
Bordeaux Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz Lillet Blanc -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bolshoi Punch - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Creme de Cassis - Shake and pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Blue Lagoon - Highball Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1 oz Blue curacao - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Garnish with cherry.
Stinger Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston White Creme de Menthe - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bloody Mary - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3 oz Tomato Juice - 1/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 4 oz Worcestershire Sauce - 2 -  3 drops hot red pepper sauce -  Freshly ground black pepper to taste, lime wedge, celery stalk - Roll with ice between both halves of Boston shaker. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with lime and celery.
Spritzer Highball - Highball Glass - 3 oz chilled Rhine wine or Sauterne - carbonated water - Pour into highball glass with ice cubes. Fill balance with carbonated water and stir gently.
Bloody Bull - Highball Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 2 oz Tomato Juice - 2 oz Cold beef bouillon -  Lemon wedge, lime wheel - Pour into ice-filled highball glass. Stir. Squeeze and add lemon. Garnish with lime wheel.
The Blood Orange - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Orange-flavored vodka - 1 oz Campari -  Blood or navel orange half-wheel - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange.
Black Russian - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Coffee liqueur - Pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir.
Black Magic - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Coffee liqueur - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Lemon twist - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Black Cherry Chocolate - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz Black cherry-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz White chocolate liqueur - 3/4 oz Black cherry juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Victor Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Vodka - 3 oz Unsweetened Grape Juice - 3 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass with ice cubes. Add slice of orange.
Snowball Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Anisette  - 1 oz Sweet Cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Violet Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1 oz Creme Yvette - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Bikini - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Milk - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Lemon twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Cold Deck Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz White creme de menthe - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Big Crush - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Raspberry-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Raspberry-flavored liqueur - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Chilled Champagne -  Fresh blackberries and raspberries - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass and top with Champagne. Garnish with berries.
Bianca - Cocktail Glass - For glass Lime wedge, superfine sugar - 1 1/2 oz Citrus-flavored vodka - 2 oz Pomegranate juice - 1/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice, lemon twiste, fresh pomegranate seeds - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and sugar. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add lemon twist and pomegranate seeds.
Bella Fragolia - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Strawberry, chopped - 4 oz Fresh basil leaves - 2 oz Vodka - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Simple Syrup -  Soda water, strawberry slide, fresh basil leaf - Muddle chopped strawberry and 4 basil leaves in mixing glass. Add vodka, lemon juice, and syrup with ice and shake well. Double-strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and top with soda water. Garnish with strawberry and basil.
Beer Buster - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka -  Chilled beer or ale - 2 oz Hot red pepper sauce - Pour vodka into highball glass and fill with beer or ale. Add hot sauce and stir lightly.
Basil 8 - Collins Glass - 3 oz Fresh basil leaves - 5 oz White grapes - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz each Simple Syrup, angostura bitters -  Ginger ale - Muddle basil and 5 grapes in Collins glass. Add next four ingredients and stir. Add ice and top with ginger ale. Garnish with basil sprig and 1 white grape.
Shamrock Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Irish Whiskey - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Green Creme de Menthe - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Aqueduct - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Vodka - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz White curacao or triple sec - 1/2 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy -  Orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Scotch Whisky Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz Desmond & Duff Scotch Whisky - ginger ale - lemon twist - Put whisky in highball glass with ice cubes and fill with ginger ale or carbonated water. Add twist of lemon peel, if desired, and stir.
Alfie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lemon-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Admiral Perry - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Pear-flavored vodka - 1 oz Cinnamon schnapps - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz White creme de cacao -  Thin pear slice - Stir with ice and shake into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with pear slice.
Yellow Rose Of Texas - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1/4 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 3 oz Rose water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with rose water.
St. Patrick's Day Cocktail - Collins Glass - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Green Creme de Menthe - 3/4 oz Green Chartreuse - 3/4 oz Irish Whiskey - 1 oz Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Purple Twister - Collins Glass - 2 oz Old Mr. Boston Grape Vodka - cola - lemon slice - Pour into collins glass over ice cubes. Fill with cola, add slice of lemon, and stir.
Waiting On Summer - Collins Glass - 3 oz Cucumber - 3 oz Fresh sage leaves - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 3 oz Ginger ale, strawberry slice - Muddle cucumber, sage, and lime juice in mixing glass. Add tequila and syrup with ice and shake. Double-strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with ginger ale. Garnish with strawberry.
Cognac Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz Cognac -  Ginger ale or soda water -  Lemon twist (optional) - Pour Cognac into ice-filled highball glass and fill with ginger ale or soda water. Add lemon twist, if desired, and stir.
Prince's Smile Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1/2 oz Apple Brandy - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Viva Villa - Old-Fashioned Glass - For glass Lime wedge, coarse salt - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - Rim old-fashioned glass with lime and salt. Fill with ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Praire Oyster Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1 oz Worcestershire Sauce - 1 oz Tomato Catsup - 1 oz Vinegar - 1 oz Pepper - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over two ice cubes. Place an egg yolk on top without breaking it. Add dash of cayenne pepper.
Praire Chicken - White-Wine Glass - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1 oz Whole Egg -  Pepper and Salt - Open egg without breaking the yolk and put in wine glass. Pour gin on top. Add pepper and salt.
Venial Sin - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Mezcal - 1/2 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 1/4 oz Elderflower liqueur - 1/4 oz Maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Vagabundo - Hurricane Glass - 2 oz Reposado blanco tequila - 1 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 1/2 oz Fresh celery juice - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lime wheel - Shake ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled hurricane glass. Garnish with lime wheel.
The 21st Century - Cocktail Glass - splashAbsinthe - 1 oz Absinthe - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3/4 oz White creme de cacao - Swirl absinthe in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess absinthe. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Pollyanna Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3 slicesorange peel - 3 slicespineapple - 2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 tsp grenadine - Muddle oranges and pineapple with gin, vermouth, and grenadine.  Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Toreador - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Dark creme de cacao - 1/2 oz half-and-half -  Whipped cream, cocoa - Shake with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with whipped cream, sprinkle with cocoa. THE 21ST CENTURY 1 splash
Pink Squirrel Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Mr. Boston Creme de Noyaux  - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston White Creme de Cacao - 1 oz Light Sweet Cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Pink Lady Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Sweet Cream - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tijuana Taxi - Highball Glass - 2 oz Gold tequila - 1 oz Blue curacao - 1 oz Tropical fruit schnapps -  Lemon-lime soda -  Orange wheel, maraschino cherry - Pour first three ingredients into ice-filled large highball glass. Fill with lemon-lime soda. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Tia Juanathan - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Aperol - 1/2 oz Yellow Chartreuse -  Soda water -  Orange half-wheel - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Top with soda water. Garnish with orange.
Phoebe Snow Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1/2 oz Absinthe Substitute - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequonic - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon or lime juice -  Tonic water -  Lemon or lime wedge - Pour tequila into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add juice, fill with tonic water, and stir. Garnish with citrus wedge.
Tequini - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Angostura bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Passion Daiquiri Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Rum - 1 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Passion Fruit Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Parisian Blonde Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Sweet Cream - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Triple Sec - 3/4 oz Jamaica Rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequila Sunrise - Highball Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 4 oz Orange juice - 3/4 oz Grenadine - Pour tequila and orange juice into ice-filled highball glass. Stir and add ice. Slowly pour in grenadine and allow to settle at glass bottom. Before drinking, stir to create the "sunrise"
Coffee Grasshopper - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3/4 oz Coffee-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz White creme de menthe - 3/4 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Tequila Straight - Shot Glass - 1 oz Coarse salt - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Lime wedge - Put salt between thumb and index finger on back of one hand. Hold shot glass of tequila in same hand and lime wedge in other hand. Taste the salt, drink the tequila, and then suck the lime.
Tequila Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup -  Lemon half-wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Tequila Smash - Old-Fashioned Glass - 4 oz Blueberries - 4 oz Bing cherries - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lime wheel skewered with blueberry and Bing cherry - Muddle blueberries and cherries in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients and shake. Double-strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with skewered fruit.
Tequila Pink - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Tequila Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - 1 oz Soda water -  Lemon twist - Pour tequila, syrup, and bitters in ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. Add soda. Add lemon twist.
Rob Roy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Desmond & Duff Scotch Whisky - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequila Mockingbird - Cocktail Glass - For glass Lime wedge, coarse salt - 1/4 oz Minced ginger - 1 3/4 oz Blanco tequila - 1 1/2 oz Agave nectar - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lime wheel - Rim one half of a chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. Muddle ginger in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients with ice and shake. Strain into glass. Garnish with lime wheel.
Tequila Matador - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute.
Tequila Manhattan - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Angostura Bitters -  Maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add cherry.
T.N.T. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Thompson Blended Whiskey - 1 1/2 oz Absinthe Substitute - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Thunderclap Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 3/4 oz Old Thompson Blended Whiskey - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Thunder Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Egg Yolk - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1 oz Cayenne Pepper - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequila Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Soda water - lemon wheel, orange wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into chilled Collins glass. Add several ice cubes, fill with soda water, and stir. Garnish with lemon, orange, and cherry. Serve with straw.
White Lady Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 oz Sweet Cream - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequila Canyon - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Cranberry Juice - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Orange juice -  Lime wheel - Pour into Collins glass and stir. Add ice. Garnish with lime. Serve with straw.
Chicago Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - For glass Lemon wedge, superfine sugar - 1 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Orange curacao - 1/4 oz Maraschino liqueur - Rim chilled old-fashioned glass with lemon and sugar. Stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Sunday Confession - Collins Glass - 1 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Limoncello - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Ginger beer -  Lemon wedge - Pour the first three ingredients into Collins glass and stir briefly. Add ice and top with ginger beer. Add lemon.
Strawberry Margarita - Cocktail Glass - For glass Lime wedge, superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 3 oz Fresh strawberries, cut in half - 3/4 oz Strawberry schnapps - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice, whole strawberry - If desired, rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and sugar or salt. Muddle strawberries with schnapps in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients and shake with ice. Strain through fine wire sieve into glass. Add strawberry.
Western Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Widow's Kiss Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1/2 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 1/2 oz Benedictine - 1 oz Peychaud Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Spice Of Life - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz Cucumber - 12Fresh mint leaves - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Jalapeno-Infused Tequila - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Cucumber slice, fresh mint sprig - Muddle 3 cucumber slices, mint leaves, and syrup in mixing glass. Add tequila and lime juice with ice and shake. Double-strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with cucumber slice and mint sprig.
Widow's Dream Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Benedictine - 1 oz Whole Egg - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float one teaspoon of sweet cream on top.
Vodka Gypsy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Vodka - 3/4 oz Benedictine - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
South Of The Border - Cordial or Pony Glass - 1 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Coffee-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lime wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. Garnish with lime.
Vodka Grasshopper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Vodka - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Green Creme de Menthe - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston White Creme de Cacao - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Violet Fizz Juice - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1/2 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1 oz Creme Yvette - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Smoked Margarita - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1/2 oz Smoky Scotch whisky, such as Islay or Skye - 1 oz Reposado tequila - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lime wedge - Pour Scotch into old-fashioned glass and swirl to coat. Add ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add lime wedge.
Sloe Tequila - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Sloe gin - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Cucumber peel twist - Combine ingredients with 1/2 cup crushed ice in blender on low speed. Pour into old-fashioned glass. Add cucumber twist.
Queen Elizabeth Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Benedictine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Silk Stockings - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz White creme de cacao - 1 1/2 oz Heavy cream - 1 oz Grenadine -  Ground cinnamon - Shake ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with cinnamon.
Orchid Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1 oz Egg White - 1 oz Creme Yvette - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Orange Milk Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Old Mr. Boston Orange Flavored Gin  - 2 oz Milk - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two cubes of ice. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Orange Gin Rickey - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 2 oz Old Mr. Boston Orange Flavored Gin  - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with carbonated water. Add wedge of lime. Stir.
Orange Gin Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz Old Mr. Boston Orange Flavored Gin  - ginger ale - lemon twist - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale or carbonated water. Add twist of lemon peel, if desired, and stir.
Orange Gin Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Old Mr. Boston Orange Flavored Gin  - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Orange Gin Collins - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz Old Mr. Boston Orange Flavored Gin  - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Add several cubes of ice, fill with carbonated water and stir. Decorate with slices of lemon and orange and a cherry. Serve with straws.
Sidewinder - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Reposado tequila - 1/2 oz Campari - 1/2 oz Vanilla syrup, preferably B.A. Reynold's - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz Mezcal - 2 oz Ginger beer, 1 oz - Fill Collins glass 1/2 full with crushed ice. Add all ingredients. Swizzle with barspoon until glass is frosted. Fill to brim with additional ice. Garnish with mint.
Orange Blossom Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1 oz Orange Juice - 1/4 oz Powdered Sugar - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Shady Lady - Highball Glass - 1 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Melon liqueur - 4 oz Fresh grapefruit juice - 4 oz Fresh grapefruit juice -  Lime wedge; honeydew melon wedge or maraschino cherry - Combine all ingredients in ice-filled highball glass and stir. Garnish with lime and melon or cherry.
Cherry Blossom - Cocktail Glass -  Cherry-flavored brandy, superfine sugar - 1 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - 1/4 oz Grenadine, maraschino cherry - Rim chilled cocktail glass with brandy and sugar. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add cherry.
The Sfozando - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Mezcal - 3/4 oz Rye Whiskey - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Benedictine - 1 oz Chocolate bitters -  Orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Napoleon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1/2 oz Curacao - 1/2 oz Dubonnet - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Moulin Rouge Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Sloe Gin - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Bitters - Stir with ice and strain cocktail glass.
Sea Of Cortez - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3/4 oz Creme de Cassis - 1/4 oz Orange curacao - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Satin Sheets - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Falernum - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lime wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Santana Sling - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Reposado tequila - 1/2 oz Cherry Heering - 1/4 oz Batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3 oz Ginger beer - Pour first four ingredients into ice-filled Collins glass and stir. Add ginger beer and stir again.
Rosita - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Campari - 1 oz Angostura Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Mariposa Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Rum - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Orange Juice - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Margarita Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Tequila - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Triple Sec - 1 oz Lemon or Lime Juice - Rub rim of cocktail glass with rind of lemon or lime, dip rim in salt. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into the salt-rimmed glass. 
The Refuge - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Aperol - 1/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1/4 oz Agave nectar - Shake with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Manhattan Cocktail (dry) - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 1/2 oz Old Thompson Blended Whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Mamie Taylor - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 2 oz Desmond & Duff Scotch Whisky - Fill collins glass with ginger ale and ice. Stir.
Quetzalcoatl - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Mezcal - 1/2 oz Creme de peche - 1/2 oz Guava puree - 1/2 oz Grapefruit Juice -  Grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Zero Mint - Cocktail Glass -  2 oz Mr. Boston Creme de menthe - water - For each serving chill 2 oz. Old Mr. Boston Creme de Menthe (Green) mixed with 1 oz. water in freezer compartment of refrigerator for 2 hours or longer if desired. (Does not have to be frozen solid.) Serve in cocktail glasses.
Purple Pancho - Cocktail Glass - For glass Lime wedge, superfine sugar - 1 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Blue curacao - 1/2 oz Sloe gin - 2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz each Fresh lemon juice, simple syrup, 1 lime wheel - Rim chilled cocktail or margarita glass with lime wedge and sugar. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and pour with ice into glass. Garnish with lime wheel.
Midnight Express - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dark rum - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - Shake with ice and pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
London Special Cocktail - Champagne Flute - orange peel - lump sugar - 2 dashes bitters - champagne - Put a large twist of orange peel into champagne glass. Add 1 lump sugar and 2 dashes bitters. Fill with well-chilled champagne and stir.
Mary Pickford Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/4 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1/4 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Charles Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Martinique Rose - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Aged rhum agricole - 1/2 oz Amaretto - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3/4 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Mariposa - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Orange juice - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Mandeville - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Dark rum - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Anisette - 1 oz Grenadine -  Cola - Shake first five ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled old fashioned glass. Top with cola.
K.C.B. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Kummel - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add twist of lemon peel.
Malmaison - Cocktail Glass -  Anisette - 1 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Cream sherry - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with anisette. Shake remaining ingredients with ice. Strain into glass.
Mai-Tai (Trader Vic Version) - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Dark rum, preferably Jamaican - 1/2 oz Orange curacao - 1 oz Fresh lime juice (reserve 1/2 lime shell for garnish) - 1/2 oz Orgeat Syrup - 1/4 oz Rock candy syrup or simple syrup -  Fresh mint sprig; pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake ingredients without ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with lime shell, mint, and skewered pineapple and cherry.
Jersey Lightning Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Apple Brandy - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Juice of a Lime - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lumination - Champagne Flute - 2 oz Fresh ginger - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Dark rum - 1 oz VS cognac - 1 oz each Fresh lemon juice, Angostura bitters -  Lemon twist - Muddle ginger in syrup in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients and ice and shake. Strain into chilled champagne flute. Add lemon twist.
Jamaica Glow Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1 oz Claret - 1 oz Orange Juice - 1 oz Jamaica Rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lounge Lizard - Collins Glass - 1 oz Dark rum - 1/2 oz Amaretto -  Cola -  Lime wedge - Pour rum and amaretto into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with cola and stir. Garnish with lime.
Jack-in-the-Box Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Apple Brandy - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Irish Whisky Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Absinthe Substitute - 1/4 oz Maraschino - 1 oz Bitters - 2 oz Irish Whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Look Out Below - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz 151-Proof Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Little Princess Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Little Devil Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Champs Elysees Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Hop Toad Cocktail  - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Apricot Flavored Brandy - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Rum - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Level headed Cocktail - Brandy Snifter - 1 1/2 oz Aged rhum agricole - 1 oz Cold brewed coffee - 1/2 oz Allspice liqueur (pimento dram) - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Angostura Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into snifter.
La Vita Dulce - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Spiced rum - 3/4 oz Mezcal - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup -  Ground cinnamon - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with cinnamon.
Hole-in-One Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz Desmond & Duff Scotch Whisky - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Lemon Juice - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ko Adang - Collins Glass - 2 oz Dark rum - 1 oz Coconut rum - 1/2 oz Ginger liqueur - 1/2 oz Mango nectar - 1/2 oz Cream of coconut - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice, lime wheel - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with lime.
Knickerbocker Special Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Orange juice - 1 oz Raspberry Syrup -  Small pineapple slice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with pineapple.
Hair Raiser Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston 100 proof Vodka - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Rock and Rye - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Green Opal Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Anisette  - 1 oz Absinthe Substitute - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jamaican Ginger - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Dark rum - 1/2 oz Falernum - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 4 oz Angostura Bitters -  Ginger ale, lime wheel - Stir first five ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Top with ginger ale. Garnish with lime.
Green Dragon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Kummel - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Green Creme de Menthe - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 4 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Grasshopper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Green Creme de Menthe - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston White Creme de Cacao - 3/4 oz Light Sweet Cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jamaican Crawler - Collins Glass - 1 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Melon liqueur - 3 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake first three ingredients with ice and pour into Collins glass. Add grenadine and stir.
Golden Slipper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 2 oz Old Mr. Boston Apricot Flavored Brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float an unbroken egg yolk on top.
Jade - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Green creme de menthe - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup Scant -  Lime wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Jacqueline - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Dark rum - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz Simple Syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Jack Sparrow Flip - Highball Glass - 2 oz Dark rum - 3/4 oz Madeira - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Egg - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Freshly grated nutmeg - Shake without ice. Then shake with ice and strain into highball glass. Top with nutmeg.
Irresistible - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/4 oz Benedictine - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Lemon twist - Shake and strain into cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Carroll Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth -  Maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add cherry.
Hush and Wonder - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Creme de violette - 2 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 3 oz Grapefruit bitters - Pour creme de violette into chilled cocktail glass and swirl to coat; discard excess liqueur. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Hurricane Leah - Hurricane Glass - 1/4 oz each Light Rum, Gin, Vodka, Blanco tequila, Blue curacao - 1 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 3 oz Fresh orange juice -  Orange wheel - Pour ingredients, in order given, into ice-filled hurricane glass and stir. Garnish with orange wheel.
Gimlet Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Rose's Lime Juice - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hurricane - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz each Dark rum, light rum - 1 oz Passion Fruit Syrup - 1 oz Lime Juice - 3/4 oz Orange juice - 1/2 oz each Simple Syrup, grenadine -  Orange half-wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled hurricane glass. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Hop Toad - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Holy Roller - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Cachaca - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Honey Syrup - 4 Fresh mint leaves - 2 oz Angostura Bitters - 1/2 oz Champagne or sparkling wine, mint sprig - Shake first five ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with Champagne or sparkling wine. Garnish with mint.
Hemingway's Nog - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dark rum - 3/4 oz Vanilla liqueur - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Creme fraiche - 3 oz tiki bitters, such as Bittermen's Elemakule -  Freshly grated nutmeg - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with nutmeg.
Flying Scotchman Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Desmond & Duff Scotch Whisky - 1 oz Bitters - 1/4 oz Sugar Syrup - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Flying Grasshopper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Green Creme de Menthe - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston White Creme de Cacao - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Vodka - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Havana Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Light Rum - 1 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Harvest Nectar - Beer Mug - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Cranberry Juice - 1 oz Orange juice - 1 oz Lemon-lime soda - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled beer mug.
Fancy Brandy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1 oz Bitters - 1/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Triple Sec - 1/4 oz Powdered Sugar - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Fallen Angel Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1 oz Bitters - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston White Creme de Menthe - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
The Poncho - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Reposado tequila - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Maraschino liqueur - 2 oz Peychaud's Bitters -  Maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add cherry.
Hai Karate - Collins Glass - 2 oz Dark rum - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Orange juice - 1 oz Maple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with cherry/orange flag.
Cara Sposa - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Coffee-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Traditional Martini (Dry) - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Orange Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Pina Agave - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Cucumber - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Agave nectar -  Lemon-lime soda, cucumber slice - Muddle 2 cucumber slices in mixing glass. Add the next four ingredients. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with soda and garnish with cucumber slice.
Grande Guignol - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dark rum - 3/4 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 3/4 oz Cherry Heering - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Lime wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Pancho Villa - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Anejo tequila - 3/4 oz Aperol - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Peach bitters -  Grapefruit twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with grapefruit twist.
Paloma (Natural) - Collins Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 2 oz Fresh white or ruby red grapefruit juice -  Soda water -  Lime wedge - Pour tequila and grapefruit juice into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir briefly. Garnish with lime wedge.
Golden Friendship - Collins Glass - 1 oz Light Rum - 1 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Amaretto -  Ginger ale -  Orange zest spiral, maraschino cherry - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass with ice, then fill with ginger ale. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Paloma - Collins Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila -  Grapefruit-flavored soda -  Lime wedge - Pour tequila into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill glass with soda and stir briefly. Garnish with lime wedge.
Pacific Sunshine - Hurricane Glass - For glass Lemon wheel, coarse salt - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 1/2 oz Blue curacao - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Rim chilled hurricane or parfait glass with lemon and salt; reserve lemon. Shake remaining ingredients with ice in mixing glass. Pour with ice into glass. Garnish with reserved lemon wheel.
Golden Eclipse - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dark rum - 1/4 oz Amaro - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Orange Bitters - 3 oz Sparkling apple cider -  Golden Delicious apple wedge - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with cider. Garnish with apple wedge perched on glass rim.
Diplomat Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 2 oz Bitters - 1/2 oz Maraschino - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a half slice of lemon and a cherry.
Oldest Temptation - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Anejo tequila - 1 oz Apple juice - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters, flamed lemon twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Flame lemon twist and add.
Ginger Grapefruit Rickey - Highball Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 2 oz Fresh grapefruit juice - 1 oz Ginger liqueur - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled highball glass and top with soda water.
Calvados Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Calvados - 1 1/2 oz Orange juice - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Daiquiri Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Oaxaca Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Reposado tequila - 1/2 oz Mezcal - 1/4 oz Agave nectar - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Orange twist, flamed - Stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Flame orange twist and add.
Cuban Special Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Rum - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Decorate with stick of pineapple and a cherry.
Gaugin - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Passion Fruit Syrup -  Maraschino cherry - Combine ingredients with 1 cup crushed ice in blender on low speed. Serve in chilled old-fashioned glass. Add cherry.
The Nomad South - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Orange juice - 1/2 oz Blood orange juice - 1/2 oz Agave nectar - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz Whiskey barrel bitters - Shake well with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Creole Lady Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Kentucky Tavern Bourbon Whiskey - 1 1/2 oz Madeira - 1 oz Grenadine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with one green and one red cherry.
No. 8 - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Reposado tequila - 3/4 oz Palo cortado or oloroso sherry - 1/2 oz Honey liqueur - 2 oz Orange Bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon twist.
Fog Cutter - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Gin - 1 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each Orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 1/2 oz Almond or orgeat syrup - Shake first six ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with sherry.
Mexicola - Collins Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Cola - Pour tequila and lime juice into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with cola and stir.
Floridita No. 3 - Champagne Flute - 2 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1/2 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup -  Lime wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute. Garnish with lime wheel.
Mexican Monk - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Reposado tequila - 1/2 oz Dry Sherry - 1/4 oz Coffee liqueur - 1/4 oz Benedictine -  Lemon twist - Stir well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Floridita No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz White creme de cacao - 1 oz Grenadine -  Lime twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lime twist.
Mexican Madras - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 2 oz Cranberry Juice - 1 oz Orange juice - 1/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Orange wheel - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass. Garnish with orange.
Cadiz - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1/4 oz Blackberry-flavored brandy - 1/4 oz Dry Sherry - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Chocolate Soldier Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 3/4 oz Dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Fireman's Sour - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Light Rum - 2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 1/4 oz Grenadine -  Soda water (optional) -  Lemon half-wheel, maraschino cherry - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Fill with soda water, if desired. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Fat Like Buddha - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Dark rum - 3/4 oz Dubonnet Rouge - 1/4 oz Benedictine - 1/4 oz Triple Sec -  Orange twist, flamed - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Flame orange twist and add.
Cherry Blossom Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Wild Cherry Flavored Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Triple Sec - 1 1/2 oz Grenadine - 2 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass with its rim moistened with cherry liqueur and dipped into powdered sugar. Add a Maraschino cherry.
Fair-and-Warmer Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Chelsea Sidecar Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz Juice of a Lemon - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Triple Sec - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Mexican Firing Squad - Highball Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz pomegranate molasses (available at Middle Eastern grocers) - 2 oz Angostura Bitters -  Lime wheel - Shake and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Garnish with lime.
Mexicana - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
El Presidente Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Light Rum - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Margarita Tequila - Cocktail Glass -  Lime wedge, coarse salt - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Cointreau triple sec - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. Shake remaining ingredients and ice and strain into glass.
Lillypad - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz each Lillet Blanc and Lillet Rouge - 1 1/2 oz Apple juice - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/4 oz Agave nectar -  Blood orange wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with blood orange wheel.
X. Y. Z. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Lemon Juice - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Triple Sec - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
La Ultima Palabra - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Fresh grapefruit juice - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3/4 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 3/4 oz Maraschino liqueur -  Grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
La Perla - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Reposado tequila - 1 1/2 oz Manzanilla sherry - 3/4 oz Pear liqueur -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bull's Milk - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Brandy - 1 oz Light Rum - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 3 oz Milk -  Freshly grated nutmeg, ground cinnamon - Shake with ice and strain into chilled Collins glass. Top with nutmeg and cinnamon.
La Bomba - Cocktail Glass -  Lime wedge, superfine sugar - 1 1/4 oz Gold tequila - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 1 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 1/2 oz Orange juice - 2 oz Grenadine, lime wheel - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime wedge and sugar. Combine next four ingredients with ice and shake briefly. Pour with ice into glass. Add grenadine and garnish with lime wheel.
Jinx Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Blood orange liqueur - 3/4 oz Becherovka (Czech digestif) - 1 oz Fresh grapefruit juice -  Grapefruit twist, flamed - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Flame grapefruit twist and add.
The Interesting Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Aperol - 1/2 oz Dark creme de cacao - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Hot Pants - Old-Fashioned Glass -  Lime wedge, coarse salt - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Peppermint schnapps - 1/2 oz Grapefruit Juice - 2 oz Simple Syrup - Rim old-fashioned glass with lime and salt. Fill with ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice. Strain into glass.
High Plains Drifter No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Campari - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 3/4 oz Honey Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Swirl Campari in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess Campari. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Hairy Sunrise - Collins Glass - 3/4 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Vodka - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 3 oz Orange juice - 1 oz Fresh grenadine -  Lime wedge - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Float grenadine on top. Garnish with lime.
Guadalajara - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Benedictine -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Frostbite - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz White creme de cacao - 3/4 oz Heavy cream -  Freshly grated nutmeg - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with nutmeg.
Flower Power - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1/2 oz Agave nectar - 1 oz Egg White - 3 oz Orange blossom water - 2 oz Peychaud's Bitters - Shake without ice. Then shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Cablegram Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 1 oz Powdered Sugar - 2 oz Old Thompson Blended Whiskey - Stir with ice cubes in highball glass and fill with ginger ale.
Cabaret Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 2 oz Bitters - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Benedictine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Bulla's Eye - Highball Glass - 1 oz Brandy - 2 oz Hard cider -  Ginger ale - Stir brandy and hard cider in highball glass. Add ice, fill with ginger ale, and stir again.
El Oso (The Bear) - Cocktail Glass - 1  3/4 ozAnejo tequila - 3/4 oz Honey liqueur - 1/2 oz Maraschino liqueur - 2 oz The Bitter Truth's Jerry Thomas' Own Decanter Bitters -  Dehydrated Orange Wheel - Stir with ice. Drop dehydrated orange wheel into old-fashioned glass and add ice. Strain cocktail into glass.
El Ni_o - Old-Fashioned Glass - 6Lime wedges - 1 oz Whole strawberry - 3/4 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 5 oz Rose water - Muddle lime, strawberry, and syrup in mixing glass. Add tequila and rose water and ice. Shake briefly and strain into ice-filled oldfashioned glass.
El Molino - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Mezcal - 3/4 oz Palo cortado or oloroso sherry - 1/4 oz Allspice liqueur (pimento dram) - 1/4 oz White creme de cacao - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bucks Fizz - Collins Glass - 2 oz orange juice - champagne - Pour 2 oz. orange juice in a collins glass over two cubes of ice, fill with champagne, and stir very gently.
Dirty Daisy - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Reposado tequila - 1 oz White Curacao - 1/2 oz Olive brine - 1 oz Balsamic vinegar - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime wheel.
Diablo - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Creme de Cassis - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice -  Ginger ale -  Lime wheel - Shake first three ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with ginger ale. Garnish with lime.
Count Camillo's Paloma - Collins Glass - 3/4 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 3/4 oz Campari - 2 oz Grapefruit soda -  Rosemary sprig - Pour ingredients into Collins glass and stir briefly. Fill with ice. Garnish with rosemary.
Company B - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Whole strawberry, hulled - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Campari - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Agave nectar, strawberry slice - Muddle whole strawberry in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and strain through fine wire sieve into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with strawberry slice.
Chupa Cabra - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Fresh grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Campari - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 1 oz Angostura Bitters, lime wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Chinchona - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Anejo tequila - 3/4 oz Lillet Rouge - 1/2 oz Orange curacao - 2 oz Orange Bitters -  Orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Chapala - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz Reposado tequila - 1 1/2 oz Orange juice - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz Grenadine -  Orange blossoms (optional): orange wedge - Shake and strain into hurricane glass. Fill glass with crushed ice. Garnish with orange blossoms, if using, and orange wedge.
Bulldog Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Boston Sidecar Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Rum - 3/4 oz  Old Mr. Boston Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Catalina Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Peach schnapps - 1 oz Blue curacao - 2 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Camino Del Ray - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz Anejo tequila - 1 oz Oloroso sherry - 1/2 oz Drambuie - 1 oz Rhubarb bitters -  Lemon twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Cactus Berry - Cocktail Glass -  Lime wedge coarse salt - 1 1/4 oz Blanco tequila - 1 1/4 oz Red wine - 1/2 oz each Triple Sec, simple syrup - 1/4 oz each Fresh lemon juice, fresh lime juice - 1 oz Lemon-lime soda - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and pour into glass.
Bolero Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Rum - 3/4 oz Apple Brandy - 1/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - Stir well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bum's Rush - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 3/4 oz Honey liqueur - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz Fresh apple cider -  Lime wedge - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with lime.
Brave Bull - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Coffee liqueur -  Lemon twist - Pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. Add lemon twist.
Blue Margarita - Cocktail Glass - For glass Lime juice, coarse salt - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1/2 oz Blue curacao - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime juice and salt. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Bloody Maria - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz Blanco tequila - 2 oz Tomato Juice - 1/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 oz Hot red pepper sauce - 1 oz Celery Salt -  Lemon wheel - Stir with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon wheel.
Pineapple Dream Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lime - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Imported Rum - Shake well with cracked ice and strain into 3 oz. cocktail glass.
Big Red Hooter - Collins Glass - 1 oz Blanco tequila - 3/4 oz Amaretto - 2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1/2 oz Grenadine -  Maraschino cherry - Pour tequila and amaretto into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with pineapple juice and top with grenadine. Add cherry. Serve with straw.
Blood Bronx Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/4 oz Juice of a Blood Orange - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bravo - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz Anejo tequila - 1/4 oz Agave nectar - 2 oz Angostura Bitters - 1 oz Orange Bitters -  Grapefruit twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Amante Picante - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Cucumber - 2 oz Fresh cilantro sprigs - 2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Jalapeno hot pepper sauce, cucumber slice - Muddle 2 cucumber slices and cilantro in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cucumber.
Brunswick Street Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Cognac - 1 1/2 oz Sweet sherry, preferably Pedro Ximenez - 1 oz Egg Yolk -  Freshly grated nutmeg - Shake without ice. Add ice and shake again. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with nutmeg.
Black Hawk Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz Old Thompson Blended Whiskey - 1 1/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Sloe Gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Alamo Splash - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz Blanco tequila - 1 oz Orange juice - 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - 1 oz Lemon-lime soda - Pour first three ingredients into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with lemon-lime soda and stir.
Betsy Ross Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Five Star Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Port - 1 oz  Old Mr. Boston Triple Sec - 1 1/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - Stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bermuda Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Apricot Flavored Brandy - 1 1/2 oz Grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. 
Yokahama Romance - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/2 oz Sake - 1 oz Gin - 1/4 oz Maraschino liqueur - 1 oz Unsprayed rose petal - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add rose petal.
Yale Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Blue curacao - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Xanthia Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Gin - 3/4 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz Yellow Chartreuse - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Woodstock - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz Maple Syrup - 1 oz Orange Bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Wolf's Bite - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1/2 oz Green Chartreuse - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Barbary Coast Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Rum - 1/2 oz Old Mr. Boston Creme de Cacao - 1/2 oz Desmond & Duff Scotch Whisky - 1/2 oz Sweet Cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Winkle - Cocktail Glass - 3 oz Fresh sage leaves - 2 oz Gin - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Limoncello - 1/2 oz Simple Syrup - 4 oz Raspberries, lemon twist - Muddle sage in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
The Wink - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 splash Absinthe - 2 oz Gin - 1/4 oz Triple Sec - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - 2 oz Peychaud's Bitters - Rinse a chilled old-fashioned glass with absinthe and pour out excess absinthe. Stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Garnish with a wink.
Will Rogers - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Orange juice - 1 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Brandy Vermouth Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz Brandy - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Angostura Bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
White Spider - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz Triple Sec - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
White Lady - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Western Rose - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz Gin - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - 1 oz Fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
May Blosson Fizz - Highball Glass - 1 oz Grenadine - 1/2 oz Juice of a Lemon - 2 oz Swedish Punch - Shake well with cracked ice and strain into 7 oz. highball glass. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Wembly Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Apple Brandy - 1/2 oz Apricot-Flavored Brandy - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Apple Pie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Old Mr. Boston Rum - 3/4 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Apple Flavored Brandy - 1/2 oz Grenadine - 1 oz Lemon Juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. 
Water Lily - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 3/4 oz Creme de violette - 3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice -  Orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Wallis Blue Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1Lime wedge, superfine sugar - 1 oz Gin - 1 oz Triple Sec - 1 oz Fresh Lime Juice - Rim old-fashioned glass with lime and sugar. Fill with ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Minnehaha Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz Juice of Orange - 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1/2 oz Sweet Vermouth - 1 oz Old Mr. Boston Dry Gin - Shake well with cracked ice and strain into 4 oz. cocktail glass.
Wallick Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 1 1/2 oz Dry Vermouth - 1 oz Triple Sec - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Waikiki Beachcomber - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Triple Sec - 1/2 oz Pineapple Juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Vow Of Silence - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz Gin - 3/4 oz Grapefruit Juice - 1/2 oz Fresh Lime Juice - 1/2 oz Yellow Chartreuse - 1/4 oz Amaro - 1/4 oz Simple Syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
