Bourbon Cooler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Pink Squirrel Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
The Blood Orange - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz green chartreuse - add wide spiral of orange zest - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Rum Screwdriver - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Dixie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bulldog Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
White Lion Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Blue Margarita - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz creme de cassis - 1/4 oz orange curacao - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Brandy Crusta Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon t
The Wink - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz melon liqueur - 4 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz mango nectar - 1/2 oz smoky scotch whisky - 1 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with ch
Vodka Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Chancellor Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
White Lion Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Hurricane Leah - Hurricane Glass - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Cara Sposa - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - add powdered sugar - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - 2 oz cream sherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Black Magic - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz cream sherry - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - Stir rum, water, and syrup in old-fashioned glass. Add large cube of ice. Add lemon twist.
Antoine Special - Red-Wine Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with
Bronx Terrace Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Roselyn Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
La Perla - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz passion fruit juice - add fresh basil leaf - Muddle 4 basil leaves in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Mary Pickford Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir briefly. Garnish with lime wedge.
Gin Sling - Old-Fashioned Glass - add powdered sugar - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
London Special Cocktail - Champagne Flute - 2 dashes  whiskey barrel bitters - fill chilled sparkling wine or champagne - Put a large twist of orange peel into champagne glass. Add 1 lump sugar and 2 dashes bitters. Fill with ice. Add Hennessal curacao and 2 oz. the stout and champagne don't mix w
Bucks Fizz (Mimosa) - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - fill lemon-lime soda - Put ice cubes in collins glass and float spiced rum. Shake in cocktail glass and serve with an lime.
The Blinker - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz hennessy v.s cognac - 1 oz heavy cream - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Spring Feeling Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - add egg white - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Canadian Pineapple - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 3/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with 
Bronx Golden Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Praire Oyster Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cherry Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 oz tawny port - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Pink Paradise - Hurricane Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz swedish punch - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Adam and Eve - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Long Island Iced Tea - Highball Glass - 3/4 oz citrus flavored vodka - 3/4 oz crema di limoncello - 1/4 oz amaretto di saronno - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Southern Gin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz honey syrup - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Jack Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Western Rose - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz creme de cacao (white) - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into chill
Sand-Martin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bloody Maria - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz creme de banana - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Decorate with stick of pineapple and a cherry.
La Vita Dulce - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Toreador - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz passion fruit juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Brandy Vermouth Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Maracuya Mosquito - Collins Glass - add fresh basil leaves - add white grapes - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bull's Eye - Highball Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Blinker - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bulldog Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bourbon Cooler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and pour into Coll
Bloody Mary - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir gently. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Green Opal Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz kummel - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Delmarva Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz coffee flavored brandy - 3/4 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/4 oz fernet-branca - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Harvey Wallbanger - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz creme de noyaux - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add strawberry slice - Muddle cucumber, sage, and lime juice in mixing glass. Add tequila and syrup with ice and shake. Double-strain in
Royal Clover Club Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Lemon Drop - Cocktail Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - add strawberry slice - Muddle whole strawberry in mixing glass. Add re
Bulldog Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz tawny port - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Fog Horn - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz grenadine - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Clover Club Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 2 oz irish whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Saronno Mist - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - Serve in an old-fashioned glass over crushed ice with a twist of lemon or a wedge of lime, if desired.
Bourbon Cobbler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz  bourbon or rye whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Blood Orange - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Passion Mimosa - Champagne Flute - fill chilled champagne - add orange half-wheel - add orange and lime wheels - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and sugar. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Floridita No. 3 - Champagne Flute - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Hotel D'alsace - Old-Fashioned Glass - add fresh rosemary sprig - 2 oz apple brandy or applejack - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Canadian Breeze - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour whiskey into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. 
Stormy Colada - Highball Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Stormy Colada - Highball Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 2 oz pineapple juice - add egg white - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Frostbite - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with orange and lime.
Coffee Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - add strawberry slice - Muddle whole strawberry in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and double-strain into ch
Vodka Gimlet - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add blood orange wheel - Pour vodka and bitters into Collins glass. Add ice, fill with ginger ale, and stir again.
Bulldog Highball - Highball Glass - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Silver Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Saronno Mist - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add fresh mint leaves - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with ginger ale and stir.
Rum Screwdriver - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Praire Oyster Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz sambuca - add black licorice stick - Stir in old-fashioned glass. Add ice and stir again. Garnish with licorice.
Champagne Flamingo - Champagne Flute - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz campari - 5 oz chilled champagne - add orange twist - Shake vodka and Campari with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Cotton Club Flip - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz green chartreuse - 1 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add fresh mint leaves - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour rum into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with c
Green Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hot Shot Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Green Dragon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - add powdered sugar - 2 oz carbonated water - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Limey  - Champagne Flute - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Havana Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lemon Drop - Cocktail Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz green creme de menthe - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Blood Orange - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
White Russian - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - Pour tequila into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with soda water and stir. Garnish with lime.
Bourbon A La Creme - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Roselyn Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Coffee Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 oz tawny port - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - Shake ingredients with ice. Pour into chilled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Golden Friendship - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz creme de cassis - 1/4 oz orange curacao - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bronx SIlver Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz sugar syrup - add small pineapple slice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Desert Sunrise - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz creme de cassis - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
La Bomba - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - add generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - Shake with ice and strain into cocktai
Montreal Club Bouncer - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Caruso - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Tequila Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour tequila, syrup, and bitters in ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. Add soda water and stir again. Garnish
Hot Shot Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/4 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Cotton Club Flip - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3/4 oz lillet blanc - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz anisette - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Western Rose - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
White Lady Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
White Lion Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
What The Hell - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill white chocolate liqueur - Pour tequila and lime juice into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir briefly. Garnish with lime wedge.
The Blinker - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz grenadine - add orange half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Boston Sidecar Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz five star brandy - 3/4 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Interesting Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz blackberry flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bronx Golden Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Cognac Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz hennessy v.s cognac - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Black Cherry Chocolate - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz blanco tequila - 1 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Carroll Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 2 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Harvest Moon - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sunshine Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz lillet rouge - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with strawberry slice.
Polynesian Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bourbon And Elder - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Fancy Brandy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Amaretto Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Stir brandy and syrup in Collins glass. Add ice cubes and fill with soda water or ginger ale. Insert a spiral of orange or lemon zest (or both) and dangle end(s) over rim of glass.
Boston Side Car  - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz campari - 2 oz grapefruit soda - add fresh rosemary sprig - Pour ingredients into Collins glass and stir briefly. Add ice and top with ginger beer. Add lemon.
Heather's Kiss - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/4 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - add egg white - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Peach Blow Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz benedictine - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Easterner - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour rum into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Bull Shot - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lime juice - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bensonhurst - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz pineapple juice - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz agave nectar - fill lemon-lime soda - add powdered sugar - Pour lime vodka over ice cubes in a collins glass. Fill with lemon-lime soda, stir, and add a half-slice of lime.
White Lady Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon wedge - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add lime wedge.
Bloody Maria - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange.
Long Island Tea - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bronx Golden Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Mary Garden Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add lime wedges - Pour into ice-filled highball glass. Stir well.
The Loop - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz black cherry flavored vodka - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Saronno - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - add egg white - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz sloe gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. 
Tovarich Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz sugar syrup - Combine all ingredients with a half-cup of crushed ice in an electric blender and blend at lo
Green Dragon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 4 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Rum Dubonnet - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz creme de menthe (white) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Blinker - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Apple Pie - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3 oz cold beef bouillon - 1 oz peach schnapps - add fresh basil leaves - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Gin and Milk Punch - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Coooler - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Santiago Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Final Ward - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz honey syrup - add fresh rosemary sprig - 1 oz chilled sparkling wine or champagne - Squeeze clementine into mixing glass. Twist rind and add to glass. Add vodka, lemon juice, and syrup and 
El Profesor - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bijou Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Saronno Colada (Nutty Colada) - Collins Glass - 2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - add peach slices - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with ginger ale and stir.
Rum Toddy (Cold) - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz creme de noyaux - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange.
Hill Billy Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Dry Martini (5-to-1) - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz anejo tequila - 1 oz palo cortado or oloroso sherry - 1/2 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Vodka Sour - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz cream sherry - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz anisette - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Ga
Mint Julep (Southern Style) - Collins Glass - add springs mint - add powdered sugar - 2 oz carbonated water - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Pink Squirrel Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz grenadine - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Fantasio Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dubonnet - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Alexander Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Groupie - Old-Fashioned Glass - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add fresh mint leaves - 3/4 oz dry gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain i
Grapefruit Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz tawny port - 1 oz light sweet cream - 1 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Bull Shot - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz black raspberry liqueur - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled Collins glass. Add several ice cubes, fill with soda water, and 
Mexican Firing Squad - Highball Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bourbon Cooler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Pink Pussycat - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz creme de banana - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Black Hawk - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Silver King Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz orange curacao - 1 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 2 oz irish whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Heather's Kiss - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/4 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Cherry Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - fill red wine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Paloma - Collins Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Fog Horn - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz orange curacao - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Spritzer Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Jamaican Ten Speed - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lime juice - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Muddle the cucumber, mint leaves, and syrup. Add vodka and lime juice. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Brandy Alexander - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz black raspberry liqueur - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Carre Reprise - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Leap Frog Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz creme de cacao (white) - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Black Hawk - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz hot red pepper sauce - add egg yolk - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Vodka Stinger - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz creme de banana - 2 oz fresh orange juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Rum Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
Black Russian - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Green Hornet (Dry) - Collins Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lime wedges - Pour tequila and grapefruit juice into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir briefly. Garnish with lime wedge.
Harvest Moon - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Pink Squirrel Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh orange juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Paloma (Natural) - Collins Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - fill grapefruit flavored soda - add lime wedges - Pour into ice-filled highball glass. Stir well. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
The Delmarva Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Blood Orange - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill club soda - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Bronx Cocktail (Dry) - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz dry gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Leap Frog Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour rum into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. Add lemon twist.
Saronno Colada (Nutty Colada) - Collins Glass - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Hotel D'alsace - Old-Fashioned Glass - add fresh rosemary sprig - 2 oz apple brandy or applejack - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Mamie Taylor - Collins Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add fresh mint leaves - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour rum into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Mary Pickford Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz campari - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add fresh blackberries and raspberries - add lemon twiste - Pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. Add soda water and stir again. Garnish wi
Cherry Blossom - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz aged rhum agricole - 3/4 oz strawberry schnapps - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/4 oz ferespberry flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Chapala - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz coffee flavored brandy - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Caribbean Champagne - Champagne Flute - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add strawberry slice - Muddle cucumber, sage, and lime juice in mixing glass. Add tequila and syrup with ice and shake. Double-strain into i
Champs Elysees Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Godchild - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz light sweet cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Palmetto Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add strawberry slice - Muddle cucumber, sage, and lime juice in mixing glass. Add tequila and syrup with ice and shake. Double-strain into chil
Champagne Flamingo - Champagne Flute - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz maple syrup - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cablegram - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz gin & ginger ale - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Coffee Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Boston Sidecar Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz five star brandy - 3/4 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Bone - Shot Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz pineapple juice - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry
Georgia Mint Julep - Collins Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz campari - 1 oz pineapile - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Canadian Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3/4 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz agave nectar - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
La Louisiane - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Black Hawk Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Caledonia - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz reposado tequila - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bermuda Rose  - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh orange juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Champs Elysees Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned g
Froupe Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz passion fruit juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bulldog Highballl - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled highball glass and stir. Add lemon. Serve with a straw.
The Sfozando - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
The Bone - Shot Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Montreal Club Bouncer - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz campari - 2 oz grapefruit soda - add fresh rosemary sprig - Pour ingredients into Collins glass and stir briefly. Fill with ice. Garnish with rosemary.
Black Hawk - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lime juice - add lime wedges - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bourbon And Elder - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz cold brewed coffee - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lime juice - add lime wedges - Pour into ice-filled highball glass. Stir well. Garnish with lime.
The Summer Of Love - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Black Velvet - Champagne Flute - 5 oz chilled stout - 5 oz chilled champagne - Pour chilled champagne and serve with and driph with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Grape Vodka Froth - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz amaretto di saronno - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz passion fruit juice - 1 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first 
Coffee Grasshopper - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3 oz cold beef bouillon - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - add powdered sugar - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - 2 oz cream sherry - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Charles Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz benedictine - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Brandy Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz sloe gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Carrol Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bull Shot - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Green Opal - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
The Delmarva Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz chilled sparkling wine or champagne - Squeeze clementine into mixing glass. Twist rind and add to glass. Add vodka, lemon juice, syrup, and lime juice with With ice and strain into chilled cocktail glas
Rum Screwdriver - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins gl
Parisian Blonde Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Final Ward - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz cold brewed black tea - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Brandy Milk Punch - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Purple Twister - Collins Glass - 1 oz five star brandy - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Leap Frog Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz sweet vermouth - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Black Hawk Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Wallis Blue Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz grenadine - Muddle ingredients. Shake with ice and strain through fine wire sieve into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry
Grapefruit Nog - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Diablo - Collins Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz galliano or oloroso - 1 oz rose's lime juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz creme yvette - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cablegram Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Brandy Alexander - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz benedictine - 1/2 oz campari - 3/4 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Apricot Anise Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
White Lady - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Hole-in-One Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hotel Plaza Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bulldog Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz gin & ginger ale - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Grapefruit Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz benedictine - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice cubes. Fill with cola, add a slice of lemon, and stir.
Cherry Blossom - Cocktail Glass - fill wild cherry flavored brandy - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange half-wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Moonquake Shake - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - Pour ingredients into ice-filled highball glass and stir.
The Interesting Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz coffee liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz dark rum - 2 oz grenadine - 2 oz angostura bitters - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Stir with ice and strain into c
Ambrosia - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 2 oz heavy cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jack Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz light sweet cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Gin and It - Cocktail Glass - add cucumber slices - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Sunshine Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bronx Golden Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Character Development - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Praire Chicken - Red-Wine Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bermuda Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sloe Tequila - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Waterloo - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz creme de banana - fill allspice liqueur (pimento dram) - fill chilled champagne - Pour vodka and bitters into Collins glass. Add ice, fill with ginger ale, and stir again.
Sloe Tequila - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lime juice - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Muddle the cucumber, mint leaves, and syrup. Add vodka and lime juice. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bull's Milk - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz creme de noyaux - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add strawberry slice - Muddle cucumber, sage, and lime juice in mixing glass. Add tequila and syrup with ice and shake. Double-strain into chi
Tequila Straight - Shot Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with orange.
Santiago Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
El Nino - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz ginger ale or soda water - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir. Garnish
The Blinker - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz apple brandy or applejack - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Blue Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz coconut milk - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Stir Scotch and syrup in Collins glass. Add ice. Fill with ginger ale and stir again. Insert a spiral of orange or lemon peel (or both) and dangle ove
Apricot Anise Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Western Rose - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Tequila Matador - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
American Trilogy - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lime juice - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Muddle 3 cucumber slices, mint leaves, and syrup in mixing glass. Add tequila and lime juice with ice and shake. Double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Perch pineapple on r
Apple Pie - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz apple schnapps - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
The Beautiful Day - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/4 oz irish whiskey - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz benedictine - 3 oz absinthe or pastis - 3 oz peychaud's bitters - Shake without ice. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Carrol Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Knock-Out Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz peach schnapps - add fresh basil leaves - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1 oz gr
Bourbon Cooler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Pink Squirrel Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz blue curacao - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingred
The Winkle - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh orange juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Saronno Colada (Nutty Colada) - Collins Glass - 3 oz amaretto di saronno - 3 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jamaican Ginger - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz ginger ale or soda water - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with sparkling wine. Garnish with peach.
Sake Martini - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz cold brewed black tea - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon and
Frisco Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Flying Scotchman - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - See Vermouth Cocktail on page 189.
Queen Elizabeth Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Apple Pie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Titian - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Duboudreau Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Froupe Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Flying Scotchman - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - add egg white - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake
Maracuya Mosquito - Collins Glass - add fresh basil leaves - add white grapes - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz crema di limoncello - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Charles Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz grenadine - fill white chocolate liqueur - Shake first five ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Hot Pants - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz passion fruit juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - fi
Bourbon On The Rocks - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz coffee liqueur - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
The Blood Orange - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Brandy Alexander - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
South Of The Border - Cordial or Pony Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz honey syrup - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Saronno Mist - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz orange flavored gin - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Harvest Moon - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bourbon Cobbler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz  bourbon or rye whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bourbon Cooler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz white creme de cacao - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Golden Frappe - Collins Glass - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
El Presidente Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jack Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bulla's Eye - Highball Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Sand-Martini Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice
Pink Lemonade - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1/4 oz lillet blanc - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hotel Plaza Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Apple Pie - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz apple schnapps - 1 oz jamaica rum - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Brandy Alexander - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz coffee liqueur - add egg white - 1 oz coconut rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Antoine Special - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz bitter lemon soda - add tomato catsup - 1 oz balsamic vinegar - 1 oz hot red pepper sauce - Shake with ice and pour into chilled cocktail glass.
Saronno Colada (Nutty Colada) - Collins Glass - 3 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 oz dubonnet - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Screwdriver - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour whiskey into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. Add lemon twist.
Hotel Plaza Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Godfather - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz black raspberry liqueur - 3/4 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz agave nectar - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
Caribbean Cruise - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Brandy Crusta Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz five star brandy - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Big Red Hooter - Collins Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Rum Rickey - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Blue Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Coffee Grasshopper - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - add egg white - add stick of cotton candy - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Sunshine Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequila Manhattan - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Amaretto Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 3 oz rose water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Prairie Oyster - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - add egg white - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Prince's Smile Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Georgia Mule - Collins Glass - add peach slices - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz pineapple juice - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Mariposa Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz white creme de cacao - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Georgia Mint Julep - Collins Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with soda water.
Sand-Martini Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz light sweet cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bulldog Highballl - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Green Opal - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Debonair - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/2 oz single-malt scotch whisky - 1 oz dubonnet - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Cablegram - Highball Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bourbon A La Creme - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - Pour bourbon into old-fashioned glass half-filled with ice.
White Lion Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Margarita Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Pink Paradise - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz coconut flavored rum - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake w
Saronno Colada (Nutty Colada) - Collins Glass - 2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bulla's Eye - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 6 oz cold water - Pour ingredients into highball glass over ice cubes and stir. Fill with chilled champagne.
Rosemary Clementine Sparkle - Cocktail Glass - add clementine or mandarin orange - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
The Wink - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz simple syrup - 2 oz blanco tequila - 5 oz rose water - Muddle lime, strawberry, and syrup in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
White Spider - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Big Crush - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz pineapple juice - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - add grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Rum Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz sweet vermouth - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with club soda and decorate with a cherry.
Traditional Martini (Dry) - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Tequila Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Cherry Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz angostura bitters - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Green Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Cole's Raspberry Cream - Champagne Flute - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - Swirl absinthe in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess Cynar. Stir
Bentley - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz dubonnet - Stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sweet Maria - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - add generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Bourbon A La Creme - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 4 oz ginger ale or soda water - Pour bourbon and water into old-fashioned glass. Add ice and a twist of lemon peel, if desired, and stir.
Cherry Blossom - Cocktail Glass - fill wild cherry flavored brandy - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz passion fruit juice - add fresh basil leaf - Muddle 4 basil leaves in mixing glass. Add remaining ingred
Bloody Mary - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 1 oz grenadine - fill club soda - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Add several cubes of ice, fill with carbonated water and stir. Decorate with slices of lem
Allies Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Pink Paradise - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz coconut flavored rum - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters (if de
Bulldog Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz white creme de menthe - 1 oz forbidden fruit - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Harvey Wallbanger - Collins Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz campari - 2 oz ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour rum into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Blue Canary - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Irish Whisky Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/2 oz sugar syrup - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sonic Blaster - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Purple Passion - Collins Glass - 1 1/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz passion fruit juice - add fresh basil leaf - Muddle 4 basil leaves in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
White Lady Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Alexander Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz creme de violette - 2 oz sloe gin - fill lemon-lime soda - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with ginger ale. Garnish w
Vodka Grasshopper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz blackberry flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz green creme de menthe - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cole's Raspberry Cream - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz creme de noyaux - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Fancy Whiskey - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz pineapple juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Limey  - Champagne Flute - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz benedictine - 2 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Whiskey Milk Punch - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Black Russian - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz benedictine - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bourbon Cobbler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz  bourbon or rye whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hair Raiser Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz galliano - add whole egg and grated nutmet - 1/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1/4 oz s
Montreal Gin Sour - Sour Glass - 1 1/2 oz sloe gin - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz elderflower liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Highland Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Bachelor's Bait Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz pineapple juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Apple Pie - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 3/4 oz cherry heering - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Apple Pie - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3 oz cold beef bouillon - 1 oz worcestershire sauce - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 1/2 oz blue curacao - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - add peach slices 
Silver King Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Le Paradini - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz peach schnapps - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Harvard Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz honey syrup - add lemon wedge - Rim highball glass with lemon and celery salt, and then fill with ice. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Black Hawk - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh orange juice - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz raspberry juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Brandy and Soda - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Derby - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
London Special Cocktail - Champagne Flute - 2 dashes  whiskey barrel bitters - fill chilled sparkling wine or champagne - Put a large twist of orange peel into champagne glass. Add 1 lump sugar and 2 dashes bitters. Fill with ice. Add vodka and grapefruit juice and stir.
Rosemary Clementine Sparkle - Cocktail Glass - add clementine or mandarin orange - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz lillet rouge - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Saronno - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz jalapeno hot pepper sauce - add fresh raspberry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Harvest Nectar - Beer Mug - 1 1/2 oz straight rye white - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add lime wedges - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Cherry Blossom Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Bull And Bear - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz amaro nonino - 1/4 oz creme de cassis - 1 oz apricot nectar - fill chilled champagne - Pour vodka into highball glass over ice. Add tonic and stir. Garnish with lemon or lime wedge. VODKA COLLINS
Allegheny - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Rum Screwdriver - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 4 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill club soda - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Add several ice cubes, fill with soda water, and stir. Garnish wit
Desert Sunrise - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz creme de cassis - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Montreal Club Bouncer - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange.
Pink Paradise - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz fresh carrot juice - 3/4 oz tawny port - 1/2 oz benedictine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Caribbean Cruise - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz maple syrup - 1/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz mezcal - 2 oz ginger beer - Combine all ingredients in ice-filled highball glass. Fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. Add lemon twist.
Billy Taylor - Collins Glass - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz lime vodka - add prepared horseradish - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz coffee liqueur - add lime - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and 
Apple Rum Rickey - Highball Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - add generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Boston Side Car  - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz five star brandy - 3/4 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Montreal Gin Sour - Sour Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Blood Orange - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz cold brewed coffee - 2 oz ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Duboudreau Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz benedictine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Vodka Grasshopper - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz cachaca - 1/2 oz cynar - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice -
Sea Of Cortez - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Grape Nehi - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz passion fruit juice - add fresh basil leaf - Muddle 4 basil leaves in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bull And Bear - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Brandy Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz cream sherry - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 2 oz irish whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Martini  - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Brandy and Soda - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bourbon Crusta - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/4 oz lillet blanc - 1/4 oz black raspberry liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Black Hawk - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Green Devil - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - add powdered sugar - 1 oz grenadine - add generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - In red-wine glass, stir rum and syrup. Top with soda water. Garnish with fruit and serve with a st
Hotel Plaza Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice cubes and strain into cocktail glass.
Long Island Iced Tea - Highball Glass - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - add generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
White Russian - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 3 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
