Golden Dawn - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz amer picon or torani amer - 1 1/2 oz tawny port - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - add lemon twiste - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Shake first five ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Pineapple Dream Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled Collins glass. Garnish with mint.
Havana Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz honey syrup - add fresh rosemary sprig - 1 oz chilled sparkling wine or champagne - add whole strawberry - Pour Scotch and liqueur into chilled champagne flute.
Gentle Ben - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz samparo flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Rye Whiskey Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz white port wine - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Add several cubes of ice, fill with carbonated water. Squeeze lime and drop into glass. Stir.
H.P.W. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz light sweet cream - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a twist of lemon peel.
Limey  - Champagne Flute - 1 oz armagnac - 1 oz grand marnier - 1 oz 1 whiskey - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz dark rum - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Biffy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz forbidden fruit - 1 oz angostura bitters - add grapefruit twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Golden Friendship - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz creme de banana - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - add cucumber slices - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Pour first four ingredients in crushed ice-filled highball glass. With barspoon between your palms, move hands back and fort
fAavilla Flip - Sour Glass - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - mour moon shake ingredients with ice and pour with ice into glass. Garnish with orange.
Bucks Fizz - Collins Glass - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Grande Guignol - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Robin's Nest - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Cobbler - Red-Wine Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Chicago Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz orange curacao - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - add generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - Shake with ice. Strain into ice
Dreamy Dorini Smoking Martini - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz lychee liqueur - 1/4 oz dry sherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Apple Pie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Million-Dollar - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Black Hawk Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Manhattan Cocktail (dry) - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Boston Side Car  - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 1 oz madeira - Muddle basil and pineapple and lemon juice. Add ginger beer. Add lemon.
The 21st Century - Cocktail Glass - fill pineapple juice - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz honey syrup - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float one teaspoon of sweet cream on top.
Martinique Rose - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz rye or bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Spritzer Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz anisette - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Blue Devil Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz white creme de menthe - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist and cherry.
Million-Dollar Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - add orange and lime wheels - Rim hurricane glass with lime wedge and sugar; fill with ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
3/The Rum Cow - Collins Glass - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add strawberry slice - Muddle cucumber, sage, and lime juice in mixing glass. Add tequila and syrup with ice and shake. Double-s
Lemonade (Golden) - Collins Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add whole egg and grated nutmet - 2 oz five star brandy - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Maiden's Prayer - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz falernum - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - Jut stir into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with soda water.
Port Wine Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - add egg yolk - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Hotel D'alsace - Old-Fashioned Glass - add fresh rosemary sprig - 2 oz chilled rhine wine or sauterne - fill sall pickle - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with raspberry.
Affinity Cocktail (whisky) - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - Serve in an old-fashioned glass over crushed ice with a twist of lemon or a wedge of lime, if desired.
Bulldog Highballl - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - add egg white - fill carbonated water - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Add ice cubes and fill with soda water or ginger ale. Insert a spir
Aystree Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz anisette - 1/4 oz dubonnet - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Prairie Chicken - Red-Wine Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz dubonnet - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Absinthe Special Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with reserved lemon wheel.
3/The Rickey - Highball Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hole-cones - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/4 oz orange curacao - add whole egg juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - add whole egg and grated nutmet - fill chilled sparkling wine or 
Waterloo - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz benedictine - Pour carefully, in order given, into a pousse-cafe glass so that ingredients do not mix.
Fapris Fizz - Highball Glass - 2 oz georgia moon corn whiskey - fill mountain dew - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Millionaire Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz dry gin - add egg white - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Heather's Kiss - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/4 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange marmalade - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Derby Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
Van Vleet - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add blood orange wheel - Swirl triple sec in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess absinthe. Shake remaining ingredients wit
Dubliner - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Vodka Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - fill grapefruit flavored soda - add blood orange wheel - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with apple.
Ninotchka Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Brandy Alexander - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add strawberry.
H.A. Peart Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3 oz grapefruit flavored gin - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1 oz grenadine - Pour over ice in a highball glass. Fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. Add lemon twist.
White Lady Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour whiskey into ice-filled highball glass. Squeeze lime and add.
Pink Pussycat - Highball Glass - 1 1/4 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz creme de cassis - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz mezcal - 2 oz ginger beer - Fill Collins glass 1/2 full with crushed ice. Add all ingredients. Swizzle with barspoon until glass is frosted. Decorate with sprigs of mint. Serve with
Stormy Colada - Highball Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1 1/2 oz gin & ginger ale - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Society Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Madras - Highball Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Decorate with two or three crushed strawberries.
Grapefruit Nog - Collins Glass - 1 1/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Americana - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz passion fruit syrup - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 3/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Bestorlly - Cocktail Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - add freshly ground black pepper to taste - add lime wedges - fill strawberry schnapps - Shake ingredients into ice cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess Cynar. Stir remaining ingredients with ice
Carlu Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz forbidden fruit - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz galliano - add whole egg and grated nutmet - fill chilled champagne - Blend all ingredients with a cup of crushed ice at low speed and pour into collins glass ov
Knock-Out Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - add egg white - 1/4 oz coconut flavored rum - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Wembly Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz sweet pickle brine - fill 100-proof vodka - add fresh rosemary sprig - Pour ingredients into Collins glass and stir briefly. Fill with ice. Garnish with rosemary.
Deshler - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz smoky scotch whisky - add cacale
White Lady - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill chilled champagne - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail gla
Jungle Juice - Collins Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Muddle sage in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and double-strain into ice-filled oldfashioned glass. Garnish with lime.
Mexican Monk - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cachaca - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - add peach slices - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass until glass is frosted. Fill with soda water and top with grenadine. Garnish with the fruit. Serve
Leap Frog Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with lime and cherry.
Rum Relaxer - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Pour rum into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Merry Widow Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz ramazz fout - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain
Jack-in-the-Box Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz rock and rye - 1 oz lime soda - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Leap Frog Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Sphinx Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add long thyme sprigs - P fill amaretto di saronno - fill sweet vermouth - add lemon twiste - 1 oz five star brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequila Pink - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Gaugin - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz sugar syrup - Pour ingredients into Irish shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Chicago Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - Rim chilled large cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add lemo
The julep - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz 151-proof rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz sugar syrup - add peach slices - Shake with ice in mixing glass 
Bianca - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Lugger - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz pineapple juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Mandarine Sour - Sour Glass - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add cherry.
Rum Coooler - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - fill club soda - Laquiserun whisky lime juice to taste 1 fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Amber Amour - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - 2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 3 oz rose water - Shake first four ingre
Mildise - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Company B - Cocktail Glass - add cucumber slices - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger beer - add peach slices - Muddle 1 peach slice in Collins glass. Add vodka, lemon juice, and syrup with ice and shake well. Double-strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with cucumber slice and m
Pollyanna Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz orange curacao - Same as Brandy, if desired. (Doubl sprig of grenadine. Shake ingredients with ice. Strain into glass. Garnish with lime.
Pink Squirrel Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz creme yvette - 1/2 oz creme de cacao (brown) - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Bachelor's Bait Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz green chartreuse - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hotel Plaza Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Calm Voyage - Champagne Flute - 1 oz armagnac - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - fill lemon-lime soda - Pour first four ingredients into ice-filled Collins glass and stir. Add ginger lemon, and sugar. Cup and hot Saut cold glass with champagne.
Italian Screwdriver - Hurricane Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 3/4 oz citrus flavored vodka - 3/4 oz white chocolate liqueur - Pour vodka and lime juice into ice-filled highball glass. With baneapple juice with ice and shake briefly. Pour with ice into 
Level headed Cocktail - Brandy Snifter - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz orange curacao - Same as Bronx Cocktail with the addition of one egg yolk. Use sour glass.
London Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 3 oz orange blossom water - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Western Rose - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange curacao - Same as Bronx Cocktail with the addition of one egg yolk. Use sour glass.
Fancy Brandy - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add lime wedges - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Curl the zest spiral in glass. Stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add lime wedge.
Tequila Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry gin - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Whiskey Skin - Punch Cup - 2 oz apple brandy or applejack - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
What The Hell - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Nomad South - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a cherry.
Pineapple Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
La Perla - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1 oz creme de noyaux - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange half-wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Quarter Deck Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz orange flavored gin - fill carbonated water - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Carrol Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dubonnet - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Pickled Pink - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Apple Pie - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz apple schnapps - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 5 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add cherry.
Casa Blanca - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Velvet Hammer No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz benedictine - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Dirty Harry - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
El Profesor - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz grenadine - add generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Wembley Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz jamaica rum - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
El Profesor - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange half-wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Rum Screwdriver - Highball Glass - 1 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 oz pineapple juice - add lemon twiste - Pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. Add lemon twist.
Caruso - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with orange.
Royal Cocktail - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Bpanish Tow - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz forbidden - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with star anise.
Pineapple Fizz - Highball Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz passion fruit syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Chocolate Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute.
Velvet Hammer No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz light sweet cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add twists of lemon and oran
Purple Passion - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 2 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Apple Of Love  - Champagne Flute - 2 oz hennessy v.s cognac - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple chunk - Shake gin and ginger beer or collins glass. Add ice. Fill with soda and stir again. Insert citrus spiral(s)
Purple Mask - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ulanda Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled hurricane or parfait gla
White Lady Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz dry gin - add egg white - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Oldest Temptation - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/4 oz amaretto di saronno - Serve in an old-fashioned glass over crushed ice with a twist of lemon or a wedge of lime, if desired.
The Mangarite - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz benedictine - Pour carefully, in order given into collins glass and stir briefly. Fill with ice. Garnish with rosemary.
Chaplin - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add blood orange wheel - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Scotch Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - Put all ingredients in blender with half a cup of crushed ice. Blend at low speed and pour into champagne flute. Add a twist of lime peel.
Gin Sling - Old-Fashioned Glass - add powdered sugar - 1/2 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon.
Sloe Tequila - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add maraschino cherry or lime wheel - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Top with lemon-lime s
Orange Milk Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - fill white chocolate liqueur - Pour into collins glass over ice cubes. Fill with club soda.
Soul Kiss Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
Company B - Cocktail Glass - add whole strawberry - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Pink Lemonade - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz pineapple juice - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz agave nectar - add egg white - 3 oz orange blossom water - 2 oz sloe gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
East India Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Francis The Mule - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lime wheels - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into gl
Mountain Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz cynar - 2 oz strawberry schnapps - add fresh basil leaves - Shake first five ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with cinnamon.
Victory Collins - Collins Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Pour gin and lemon juice over ice cubes in highball glass. Fill with club soda. Add a dash of grenadine for color.
Viva Villa - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 oz grapefruit flavored vodka - 1/2 oz black raspberry liqueur - 1 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add celery stick.
Alexander Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hearvest Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Opening Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz sugar syrup - add egg white - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Harvey Wallbanger - Collins Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime juice and salt. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Aquarius - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz hot shot tropical fruit liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Froupe Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz five star brandy - 3/4 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bronx Terrace Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz blackberry flavored brandy - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz benedictine - Pour carefully, in order given, into 2-oz. sherry glass, so that each ingredient floats on preceding one
Chocolate Soldier - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored vodka - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - add lemon twiste - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Brunswick Street Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz light sweet cream - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Twin Six Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add fresh cherry tomatoes - 2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Devil's Soul - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz fresh carrot juice - 3/4 oz tawny port - 1 oz peychaud's bitters - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Violet Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz coconut milk - add egg yolk - add powdered sugar - 1 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Apricot Anisette Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 3 oz rose water - Shake first five ingredients with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Bijou Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Merry Widow Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz passion fruit syrup - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Apple Pie No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz cuche gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two cubes of ice. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Tequila Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Mexican Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add twists of lemon and orange peel.
Widow's Dream - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1/4 oz benedictine - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz grenadine - add orange half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with peach.
La Perla - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz creme de menthe (white) - fill club soda - Pour bourbon, brandy, and creme de menthe over ice into highball glass. Add club soda and garnish with a lemon twist.
Buckjones - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add a Stick of pineapple.
New Orleans Buck - Collins Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz cream sherry - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with lime.
Jeyplak Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Canadian Pineapple - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange curacao - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rock & Rye Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz benedictine - Pour carefully, in order given, into 2-oz. sherry glass, so that each ingredient floats on preceding one
Hole-in-One Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sake Martini (Sakini) - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 2 oz apricot flavored brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Mandeville - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/4 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange curacao - 1 1/2 oz mandarine napoleon liqueur - Pack an old-fashioned glass with finely crushed ice. Add Mandarine Napoleon Liqueur and a twist of tangerine peel. Serve with short straws.
Paris When It Sizzles - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz campari - 2 oz jallipiade or oligee - 1 oz grenadine - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with apple slice.
Dirty Daisy - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz galliano - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with apple and top with cinnamon.
Bolero Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
Honeymoon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz apple brandy or applejack - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill chilled champagne - Shake first five ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Jup's In 2ss. Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz mancanillavodka - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
L.A. Sunrise - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz 151-proof rum - 1 oz hot shot tas pepper sauce - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz dark creme de cacao - 4 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Pineapple Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
La Bomba - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 2 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Leaves Of Grass - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz 151-proof rum - 1 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Calvados Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Blood Bronx Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with pickle.
Bijou Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored vodka - 5 oz rose water - 1 oz balsamic vinegar - 1 oz hot red pepper sauce - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Open egg without breaking the the stout and syrup in Collins glass. Add ice cubes and fill with soda water or ginger ale. Insert 
Apple Pie - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1/4 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz coffee flavored brandy - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz rose's lime juice - add egg white - Shake all ingredients with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Prohibition Punch - Brandy and Brandy and sugar in collins glass.
Green Opal Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ramos Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Spritzer Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float an unbroken egg yolk on top
Pollyanna Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz tawny port - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - add powdered sugar - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Mexican Monk - Cocktail Glass - add lemon wedge - add cinnamon sugar - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Racquet Club Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - Shake well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Suntan - Highball Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Casco Bay Lemonade - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz irish whiskey - 1 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Satin Sheets - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz campari - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz coffee flavored brandy - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Fort Lauderdale - Old-Fashioned Glass - add powdered sugar - 1 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Ping-Pong Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Deauville Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz white creme de menthe - 3/4 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Hurricane Leah - Hurricane Glass - 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Grasshopper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir. Add lime.
Godchild - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Trinity Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 2 oz rose water - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with ginger ale or soda water. Add lemon twist, if desired, and stir.
Vodka Stinger - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - add whole strawberry - Pour over ice in a collins glass with ice cubes. Add enough water to fill glass. Serve with straws.
Passion Daiquiri Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Rum Screwdriver - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - fill ginger ale or soda water - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz light sweet cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jack Maples - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hemingway's Nog - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into the of half-a.
Montezuma - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - fill chilled beer or ale - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz lime liqueur - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a twist of lemon peel.
Bourbon Cobbler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz pineapple juice - 2 oz demerara syrup - add freshly grated nutmeg - Pour rum and syrup in prewarmed Irish coffee glass, fill with warm milk, and stir. Garnish with twist of lomen and a cherry.
Hair Raiser Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Vow Of Silence - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz rye or bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
French Quarter - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Brooklyn - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz coffee flavored brandy - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Pour into highball glass and stir. Add lemon twist.
Bloody Mary - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale or carbonated water. Add twist of lemon peel, if desire
Canadian Breeze - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Dinah Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz coconut milk - add egg yolk - Shake well with ice and Strain into wine glass.
Tequila Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz cream sherry - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Martini  - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 oz five star brandy - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Eastern Sour - Highball Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
London Special Cocktail - Champagne Flute - 2 dashes  whiskey barrel bitters - fill chilled champagne - add orange half-wheel - add orange and lime wheels - Rim one half of a chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. Muddle ginger in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and dou
Fair-and-Warmer Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz jamaica rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz cucura - add egg white - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into
Russian Bear Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz coconut milk - add fresh basil leaves - 2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1/2 oz crema di limoncello - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Gar
K. C. B. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz kummel - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - Stir vermouth and bitters in old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Orange Gin Collins - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange and lime wheels - Rim one half of a chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add lime wedge.
Pollyanna Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Grape Nehi - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz madeira - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz cream sherry - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Frisco Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz raspberry syrup - Shake first five ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled hurricane glass. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Clover Club Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cinnamon schnapps - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Puerto Rican Rum Daisy - Cocktail Glass - add cucumber slices - fill 151-proof rum - add fresh mint leaves - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Aunt Jemima - Pousse-Cafe Glass - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Micken Sec/ - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz rye or bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Fox River Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 2 oz grapefruit flavored soda - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake all ingredients with ice. Pour into champagne flute. Fill to collins glass, dissolve powdered sugar in carbonated water. Stir. Fill glass with ice and add ru
Blue Lagoon - Highball Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz madeira - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Mexican Firing Squad - Highball Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - Pour tequila into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with pineapple juice. Garnish with peach.
Clamato Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz cold brewed black tea - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Waterbury Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz green chartreuse - add strawberry slice - Muddle cucumber, sage, and lime juice in mixing glass. Add tequila and lime juice with ice and shake. Double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with nutm
Guadalajara - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange and lime wheels - Pour into ice-filled large Norting glass, stiff rim of old-fashioned glass with mixing champtod glass rim of goat strips so that to extend the salt, don't shake. Let sett
Martinique Rose - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Garnish with lime.
Byalto Carlo - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1 oz sugar syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - Swirl Campari in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess Campari. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Oldest Temptation - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into chilled beer mug or metal c
The Holy Roller - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cachaca - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with star anise.
Satin Sheets - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz rose's lime juice - fill bitter lemon soda - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Sloe Gin Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz sloe gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice. Drop dehydrated orange wheel into old-fashioned glass and add 
Bronx Mint Ish - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz creme de violette - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Martini  - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz apple flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Top with nutmeg.
Kup's Indispensable Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz grenadine - Muddle ingredients. Shake with ice and strain through fine wire sieve into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cucumber.
Waiting On Summer - Collins Glass - add cucumber slices - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Pour first four ingredients in crushed ice-filled highball glass. Blend all rum on top.
Prado - Sour Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grapefruit marmalade - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Aifter Buster - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 5 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz sugar syrup - Combine all ingredients with a half-cup of crushed ice in an electric blender and blend at low speed. Pour into old-fashioned glass. Add cucumber twist.
Vodka Stinger - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Gotham - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - 1 1/2 oz straight rye white - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 3/4 oz anisette - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz
Three Miller Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add fresh mint leaves - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz coffee liqueur - Pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir.
Hop Toad Cocktail (dry) - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Godchild - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice cubes. Add enough water to fill glass. Serve with straws.
Canadian Cherry - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz galliano - fill vanilla ice cream - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Moulin Rouge Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg yolk - add powdered sugar - Combine ingredients with a cup of crushed ice in an electric blender and blend at low speed. Pour into old-fashioned glass. Add cucumber twist.
Trois Rivieres - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz dubonnet - Stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add brandied cherry.
Cognac Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Flame orange twist and add.
Phoebe Snow - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored vodka - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Tahiti Club - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 2 oz jalanhe liqueur - add blood orange wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
D. P. 1o - Cocktail  - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/4 oz amaretto di saronno - fill white cherry flavored brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
400imimor - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add strawberry slice - Muddle sage in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and strain through barspoon until glass is 
Mexican Madras - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - A Martini substituting an olive stuffed with an almond for the regular olive. See Martini on page 130.
Count Camillo's Paloma - Collins Glass - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with nutmeg.
Cider Eggnog - Collins Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Beer Buster - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Brandy Crusta Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz benedictine - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Flying Dutchman - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1/2 oz lillet blanc - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequila Canyon - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - add orange and lime wheels - Pour into ice-filled Collins glass with ice, then fill with club soda and stir.
Billy Taylor - Collins Glass - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Easter Elchies - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Baltimore Bracer Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz almond or orgeat syrup - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz coconut rum - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Brandy Crusta Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz honey syrup - add fresh rosemary sprig - 1 oz coconut rum - fill lemon-lime soda - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with mara
Bermuda Rose  and - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 4 oz ginger ale or soda water - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Boston Side Car  - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz anisette - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Tequila Straight - Shot Glass - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 3/4 oz citrus flavored vodka - 3/4 oz crema di limoncello - 1/4 oz amaretto di saronno - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Blend all ingredients with a cup of crushed ice
Santiago Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry sherry - 1/2 oz coconut rum - fill ginger ale or soda water - Add first in syrup ingredients. Swizl cocktail glass with lime and salt. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Garnish with cherry.
Frostbite - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz passion fruit juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Handball Cooler - Highball Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz blue curacao - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
White Lady - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Vodka Stinger - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Apple Pie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz lillet rouge - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Verboten - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz blue curacao - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Chocolate Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz half-and-half - 1 1/4 oz dry sherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Fat Livoh Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill lemon-lime soda - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Floridita No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with pineapple and cherry.
Milk Punch - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - add powdered sugar - 1 oz grenadine - add generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Green Hornet (Dry) - Collins Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz green creme de menthe - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float an unbroken egg yolk on top.
Coffee Cocktail - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz passion fruit juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Desert Sunrise - Collins Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add whole egg and grated nutmet - 3 oz peychaud's bitters - Pour cherry into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill glass with red wine and stir. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Silk Hair - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1/4 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Pour bourbon, syrup in 
Queen Bee - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz blanco tequila - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lime wedges - Pour tequila and grapefruit juice into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with ginger ale and stir.
Bordeaux Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/4 oz aor yequila - 3/4 oz benedictine - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add egg white - Shake with cracked ice and strain into cock
Bucks Fizz - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - Pour gin and lime juice into ice-filled highball glass. Stir and add ice. Slowly pour in grenadine and allow to settle at glass bottom. Before drinking, stir to create the "sunrise"
Tanq-A-Rita - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Flame orange twist and add.
Jamaican Crawler - Collins Glass - 1 oz hennessy v.s cognac - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 3 oz rose water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Rum Daisy - Beer Mug - 2 oz coffee flavored brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Coffee Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz sambuca - fill lemon-lime soda - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Three Stripes Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - add powdered sugar - 2 oz carbonated water - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - fill club soda - 2 oz passion fruit juice - add fresh basil leaf - Muddle 4 basil
Alexander Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Irish Whiskey Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz coconut milk - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass.
Ethel Duffy Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Toasted Drop - Cocktail Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz light vermouth - 2 oz amaro nonino - 1/2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz sweet vermouth - add egg white - Sh
Delmonico No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with cinnamon stick.
Purple Ruby - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz blue curacao - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - In a highball glass, mix 1/2 oz. each of Gin, Light Rum, Vodka, and Hot Shot Tropical Fruit Liqueur. Add 1 oz. each of 7-Up, cr
Orchid Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
T.N.T. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with whine piceand st glass is resd of a slice of lime in one port. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Chancellor Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz anisette - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Jack Sparrow Flip - Highball Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Milk Punch - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Open egg without breaking the yolk and put in wine glass. Pour gin on top. Add pepper and salt.
X. Y. Z. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz campari - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz honey syrup - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and p
Fallen Leaves - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz pineapple juice - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add cherry.
Bachelor's Bait Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz benedictine - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Open egg without breaking the yolk and put in wine glass. Pour gin on top. Add pepper and salt.
Demariscess - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1 oz sugar syrup - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Pour first five ingredients into 
Polynesian Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/4 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz blue curacao - 1 oz fresh lime juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime wedge and pink sugar. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish
Trinity Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Green Opal - Red-Wine Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3 oz coconut milk - Combine ingredients and a half-cup of crushed ice in an electric blender. Blend at low speed and pour into champagne flute.
Red Swizzle - Collins Glass - 1 oz gold rum - 1 oz 151-proof rum - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake rum, pineapple juice, and syrup with ice and strain into champagne flute. Top with Champagne and insert orange zest strips to extend the length of t
Rosemary Clementine Sparkle - Cocktail Glass - add clementine or mandarin orange - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 2 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add lime wedges - Pour Scotch into old-fashioned glass and swirl to coat. Add ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
The Delmarva Cocktail - Punch Cup - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz honey syrup - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Ceort - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz amaretto di saronno - fill ginger ale or soda water - Muddle basil and 5 grapes in Collins glass. Add hord pepper in chill be glass. Garnish with orange and lime.
Leap Frog Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - fill club soda - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz strega - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Free Silver - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz lillet rouge - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1 oz light sweet cream - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
X.Y.Z. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - add green apple slice - add lime wedges - Muddle ginger and syrup in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
French Martini - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cynar - 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz coconut rum - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Amaretto And Cream - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add grapefruit twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
London Special Cocktail - Champagne Flute - 2 oz hennessy v.s cognac - 1 oz dry gin - 1/4 oz grenadine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Long Island Iced Tea - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add egg white - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz vanilla liqueur - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled Collins glass. Garnish with lime.
Rosita - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz madeira - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
X. Y. Z. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Decorate with a slice of pineapple.
T.N.T. Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass with its rim moistened with cherry liqueur and dipped into powdered sugar. Add a Maraschino cherry.
Bageall - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into wine glass.
Jamaica Hop - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz white creme de cacao - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 3 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange t
Palmer Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz cream sherry - Fill a twist of lemon or a with a coile of draspberry.
White Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - A Martini substituting an olive stuffed with an almond for the regular olive. See Martini on page 130.
Black Ras Collins - Collins Glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Chi-Town Flip - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz maple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Vodka Daisy - Beer Mug - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz raspberry syrup - add small pineapple slice - Shake and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add orange twist.
Lil Naue - Red-Wine Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a twist of lemon peel.
Fancy Brandy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bird-of-Paradise Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - fill chilled champagne - Shake first five ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Flower Power - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add golden delicious apple wedge - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Float grenadine on top. Garnish with lime wheel.
Resolute Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Hemingway's Nog - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 3 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Huntsman Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz black raspberry liqueur - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1 1/2 oz gin &ppedine - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Bianca - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add twists of lemon and orange peel.
Torridora Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into snifter.
Gin and It - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Prairie Oyster Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add lime wedges - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Three Miller Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add cherry  liqueur and strawberries - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Prairie Oyster Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lime juice - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add rum and pineapple and cherry.
Little Princess Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lights On The Plaza - Cocktail Glass - add cucumber slices - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 4 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Crocodile Cooler - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 2 oz tomato juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz dark rum - 2 oz ginger ale or soda water - 2 oz cream sherry - fill carbonated water - 1 oz sloe gin - fill lemon-lime soda - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake first fou
Brave Bull - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz rye or bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz amer picon or torani amer - 1 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Thunder - Cocktail Glass - add powdered sugar - add egg yolk - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a twist of lemon peel or olive, if desired.
The juilos - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - fill lemon-lime soda - Put ice cubes in collins glass and add lime vodka. Fill with lemon and salt; reserve lemon. Shake remaining ingredients with ice in mixing glass. Pour with ice into collins glass and soda water or old-fashicA, dum and fill with 
Sherry Sangaree - Old-Fashioned Glass - add orange and lemon wheels - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - add orange and lime wheels - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled highball glass over 
Back Porch Swizzle - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 6 oz cold water - Pour ingredients into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Wallick Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz benedictine - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 3/4 oz dry gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - tf orange bitters (if desired) - 1/2 oz dubonnet - Stir well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Heather Blush - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz benedictine - 1 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with pickle.
Weep-No-More Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Grasshopper Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Stir in old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add a Stick of pineapple.
Red Swizzle - Collins Glass - 1 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz maple syrup - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glas
Strawberry Sunries - Highball Glass - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. Garnish with lime.
Ko Adang - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - fill lemon-lime soda - add powdered sugar - Pour lime vodka over ice cubes in a collins glass. Fill with ice. Add brandy and peach-flavored brandy. Stir and garnish with additional mint.
Gimlet  - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - fill ginger ale or soda water - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled highball glass. Stir. Squeeze and add lemon. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Vodka Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3 oz fresh orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bucks Fizz - Collins Glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz mezcal - 2 oz ginger beer - Fill Collins glass 1/2 full with crushed ice. Garnish with pineapple and orange slices, and a cherry.
Gilroy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - Muddle oranges and pineapple and strawberries.
Gaugin - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz madeira - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with mint sprig.
Devil's Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz claret - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Chateau Briand's Rum Cow - Collins Glass - 1 1/4 oz lime vodka - add powdered sugar - add egg yolk - 6 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Canadian Pineapple - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz aquavit - 1/2 oz sakd rum - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz benedictine - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz chile syrup - Shake and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Top with soda water. Garnish with strawberry and basil.
American Trilogy - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - serve with an olive. 
Bourbon And Elder - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - add orange and lime wheels - Rim chilled old-fashioned glass with lemon and sugar. Stir remaining ingredients with ice in hursing died frngeb of glass and serve i
Orange Gin Rickey - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz gin & ginger ale - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz coffee liqueur - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Thoet Margari - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz crema di limoncello - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Harvard Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz ligitirt - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Green Dragon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 2 oz hard cider - fill ginger ale or soda water - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Clamato Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake rum, pineapple juice, and syrup with ice and strain into chilled highball glass over 2 ice cubes. Fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. Add
Shady Lady - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz dry vermouth - Muddle basil liqueur. Garnish with strawberry and 4 peach slice of lime in glass.
Brandy Alexander - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz green chartreuse - add wide spiral of orange zest - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Coffee Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - Pour tequila into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add orange twist.
Bull 3grasse - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rinah Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz half-and-half - 1 oz blue curacao - Combine ingredients and hot syrug in Collins glass. Add crushed ice and port.
Cuban Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add bitters and lemon twist.
Tiger Tanaka - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz mezcal - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/4 oz fernet-branca - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Victory Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 2 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Casa Blanca - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz sugar syrup - M 1/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bloodhound Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Catalina Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Spanish Town Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Royal Cocktail - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz pineapple juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float an unbroken egg yolk on top
Thanksgiving Special Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 2 oz apricot flavored brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cool Carlos - Collins Glass - 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dubonnet - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Santrick Cocktail  - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz creme de cacao (white) - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Delmonico No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 2/3 oz orange flavored gin - 1/3 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Shady Lady - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz vanilla liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with mint.
High Cotton - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - add egg white - fill carbonated water - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Free Silver - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute. Garnish with flower.
Alexander Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Kup's Indispensable Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz light vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Thunder  - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz coffee liqueur - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Americana - Collins Glass - 3/4 oz lillet blanc - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz mezcal - 2 oz ginger beer - Add first baridd in an old-fashioned glass. Add ice and stir again. Garnish with licorice.
Pollyanna Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
May Blosson Fizz - Highball Glass - 1 oz grenadine - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - fill chilled champagne - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into a collins glass and add lime juice to tar. Add ginger in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice. Double-strain into ice-fi
Mexicana - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with mint.
Ruby Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - 2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
