Gauguin - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz passion fruit syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz rose's lime juice - Combine ingredients with a cup of crushed ice in blender and blend at low speed. Serve in old-fashioned glass. Top with a cherry.
Fort Lauderdale - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/4 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add a slice of orange.
Apple Pie - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz apple schnapps - 1 oz cinnamon schnapps - add small pineapple slice - Pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with apple and top with cinnamon.
Cuban Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cool Carlos - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 2 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz orange curacao - 1 oz sour mix - Mix all ingredients except curacao with ice, shake well. Pour into collins glass and float curacao on top. Garnish with pineapple and orange slices, and a cherry.
John Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into Collins glass. Add ice, fill with soda water, and stir. Garnish with orange, lemon, and cherry. Serve with straws.
Cherry Rum - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Casa Blanca - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Caribbean Champagne - Champagne Flute - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz creme de banana - fill allspice liqueur (pimento dram) - fill chilled champagne - Pour rum and banana liqueur into champagne flute. Fill with champagne and stir lightly. Add a slice of banana.
Amber Amour - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Pour amaretto, lemon juice, and syrup into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with soda water and stir. Garnish with cherry.
The Joe Lewis - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz fresh carrot juice - 3/4 oz tawny port - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz agave nectar - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bacardi Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz bacardi rum - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Apple Pie No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Yolanda - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
Yellow Rattler - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a cocktail onion.
Why Not? - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Amaretto Stinger - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 3/4 oz white creme de menthe - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
What The Hell - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Stir in old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Webster Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Union Jack Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jocose Julep - Collins Glass - 2 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add fresh mint leaves - fill ginger ale or soda water - Combine first five ingredients in blender without ice until smooth. Pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir. Garnish with mint sprig.
Trinity Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Three Stripes Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tanq-A-Rita - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz tanqueray gin - 3 oz margarita mix - 1 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Amaretto Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - fill 100-proof vodka - add orange half-wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. Garnish with orange.
Tailspin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz green chartreuse - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel and a cherry or olive.
Sweet Patootie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sunshine Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
Spring Feeling Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz green chartreuse - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sphinx Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a slice of lemon.
Jitterbug Sour - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz benedictine - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz honey syrup - add egg white - 1 dash angostura bitters - Shake first five ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add bitters and lemon twist.
Southern Gin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - 1/2 oz triple sec - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Society Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz grenadine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Snyder - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Smiler Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Smile Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Amaretto Rose - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - Pour first three ingredients into ice-filled Collins glass and fill with soda water. Stir.
Sand-Martin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz green chartreuse - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Irish Whiskey Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twist (optional) - Pour whiskey into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with ginger ale or soda water. Add lemon twist, if desired, and stir.
Japanese - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Roselyn Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz grenadine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Resolute Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Racquet Club Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Amaretto And Cream - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Pollyanna Cocktai - Cocktail Glass - 3 oz orange curacao - 3 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz grenadine - Muddle ingredients. Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Plaza Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a strip of pineapple.
Irish Whiskey Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz anisette - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - fill 100-proof vodka - add green olive - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with olive.
Absinthe Special Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz absinthe or pastis - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Nineteenth Hole - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice in mixing glass and strain into cocktail glass and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with an olive.
Montreal Club Bouncer - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz anisette - Pour into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Stir.
Monte Carlo Imperial Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - fill chilled champagne - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill glass with champagne and stir.
Irish Shillelagh - Irish Coffee Glass - 1 1/2 oz irish whiskey - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz sloe gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - fill 100-proof vodka - add fresh raspberries and strawberries - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Irish coffee glass. Garnish with berries, peach slices, and cherry.
Melon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Mamie's Sister - Collins Glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 2 oz orange flavored gin - fill ginger ale or soda water - Put the juice of one lime and a lime twist into collins glass, and add gin. Fill glass with ginger ale and ice. Stir.
Irish Rickey - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add lime wedges - Pour whiskey and lime juice into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with soda water and stir. Garnish with lime.
Maiden's Prayer - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lone Tree Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
London Buck - Highball Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Pour gin and lemon juice over ice cubes in highball glass. Fill with ginger ale and stir.
Leap Frog Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz orange flavored gin - fill ginger ale or soda water - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Incider Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz rye or bourbon whiskey - 4 oz apple cider - add small pineapple slice - Stir whiskey and apple cider in ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with apple.
Kup's Indispensable Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz light vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Knock-Out Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz anisette - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz creme de menthe (white) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
K. G. B. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz kummel - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Imperial Fizz - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with soda water and stir.
Jeyplak Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
H. P. W. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
I.A.P. - Collins Glass - 2 oz tennessee whiskey - 1/4 oz fernet-branca - 3 oz white chocolate liqueur - Build in ice-filled Collins glass.
Hotel Plaza Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Decorate with a slice of pineapple.
Hoffman House Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Hawaiin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
White Russian - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz coffee liqueur - Pour vodka and coffee liqueur into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Fill with milk or half-and-half.
Greyhound - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 5 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes. Stir well.
Green Devil - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Decorate with mint leaves.
Greenback - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Grapefruit Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Hotel D'alsace - Old-Fashioned Glass - add fresh rosemary sprig - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz benedictine - 1/2 oz triple sec - Muddle leaves from half-sprig of rosemary in mixing glass and reserve the other half. Add remaining ingredients. Stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with remaining half-sprig of rosemary.
Jamaica Granito - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - fill ginger ale or soda water - add freshly grated nutmeg - Add first three ingredients to Collins glass. Add soda water. Top with nutmeg.
Gin Sling - Old-Fashioned Glass - add powdered sugar - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz orange flavored gin - Dissolve sugar in water and lemon juice. Add gin. Pour into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes and stir. Add a twist of orange peel.
Gin Milk Punch - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Horse's Neck (With A Kick) - Collins Glass - add wide spiral of lemon zest - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - Insert the lemon spiral in Collins glass with one end hanging over the rim. Fill glass with ice cubes. Add whiskey. Fill with ginger ale and stir well.
Gin and It - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz sweet vermouth - Stir ingredients in cocktail glass. (No ice is used in this drink.)
Gin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a twist of lemon peel.
West Side - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lemon flavored vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add fresh mint leaves - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with a splash of soda water.
Gimlet  - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Free Silver - Collins Glass - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dark rum - 1 oz coconut milk - fill club soda - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice cubes. Fill with club soda.
Frankenjack Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz gin & ginger ale - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Fog Horn - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz gin & ginger ale - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz triple sec - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with ginger ale. Stir. Add a slice of lime.
Flying Dutchman - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Hoot Mon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz benedictine - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Fifty-Fifty Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Favorite Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Farmer's Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Warsaw Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz blackberry flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Emerald Isle Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz green creme de menthe - 3 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Du Barry Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a slice of orange.
Dry Martini (5-to-1) - Cocktail Glass - 1 2/3 oz orange flavored gin - 1/3 oz dry vermouth - Stir vermouth and gin over ice cubes in mixing glass. Strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a twist of lemon peel or olive, if desired.
Dixie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz anisette - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Delmonico No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Hole-In-One - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Vodka Stinger - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz white creme de menthe - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Caruso - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bulldog Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 2 oz orange flavored gin - fill ginger ale or soda water - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Brown Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bronx Terrace Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a cherry.
Bronx Cocktail (Dry) - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a slice of orange.
Hill Dog - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz white whiskey - 1/2 oz grand marnier - 1/2 oz dry sherry - 1/2 oz lavender syrup - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Blue Devil Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - fill lemon or lime juice - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz blue curacao - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Blue Canary - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1 oz blue curacao - Combine ingredients with ice in mixing glass and stir gently. Strain into chilled cocktail glass filled with crushed ice. Garnish with a mint sprig.
Blue Bird - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice cubes and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel and a cherry.
Bloodhound Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Decorate with two or three crushed strawberries.
Billy Taylor - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 2 oz orange flavored gin - fill club soda - Fill collins glass with club soda and ice cubes. Stir in lime juice and gin.
Bijou Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz green chartreuse - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a cherry on top.
Bermuda Rose  - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Vodka Sour - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Apricot Anisette Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill club soda - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice. Fill with club soda and stir lightly. Garnish with a slice of lemon.
Alexander's Sister Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Highland Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Stir Scotch and syrup in Collins glass. Add ice. Fill with soda and stir again. Insert citrus spiral(s) and dangle end(s) over rim of glass.
Alexander Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz creme de cacao (white) - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Adam and Eve - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz forbidden fruit - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Vodka Sling - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange twist - Pour vodka, lemon juice, and syrup into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. Add orange twist.
Jack Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Tempter Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz tawny port - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Special Rough Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz anisette - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Vodka Grasshopper - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Singapore Sling - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - fill club soda - 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - Shake lemon, sugar, and gin with ice and strain into collins glass. Add ice cubes and fill with club soda. Float cherry-flavored brandy on top. Decorate with fruits in season and serve with straws.
Saratoga Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
High Cotton - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz pimm's cup - add lemon twiste - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon and mint.
Polonaise - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz blackberry flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Vodka Gimlet - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Merry Widow Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 1/4 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Lugger - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jamaica Hop - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz coffee flavored brandy - 1 oz creme de cacao (white) - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake well with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hebrides - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz single-malt scotch whisky - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz triple sec - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - Pour into ice-filled Collins glass and stir.
Hennessy Martini - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz hennessy v.s cognac - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Fill shaker or mixing glass with ice. Add Hennessy and lemon juice. Stir gently, don't shake. Let settle. Strain into chilled martini glass. Garnish with twist of lemon peel.
Vodka Daisy - Beer Mug - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - add generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - Shake with ice. Strain into ice-filled beer mug or metal cup. Garnish with fruit.
Heavenly Dram - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz single-malt scotch whisky - 1/2 oz pedro ximenez sherry - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz honey syrup - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Classic Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz orange curacao - 1 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - Prepare rim of old-fashioned glass by rubbing with lemon and dipping into powdered sugar. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into prepared glass.
Cherry Sling - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Serve in old-fashioned glass filled with ice cubes and stir. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Cherry Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - fill club soda - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with club soda and decorate with a cherry.
Vodka Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Stir vodka and syrup in Collins glass. Add ice cubes and fill with soda water or ginger ale. Insert a spiral of orange or lemon zest (or both) and dangle end(s) over rim of glass.
Carrol Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Button Hook Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz creme de menthe (white) - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz anisette - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bull's Eye - Highball Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 2 oz hard cider - fill ginger ale or soda water - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Brantini - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - Stir with cracked ice and strain into old-fashioned glass with cubed ice. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Heather's Kiss - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/4 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - add small pineapple slice - Shake with ice strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with apple slice.
Brandy Squirt - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - add powdered sugar - 1 oz grenadine - fill club soda - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass and fill with club soda. Decorate with stick of pineapple and strawberries.
Brandy and Soda - Collins Glass - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - fill club soda - Pour brandy into collins glass with ice cubes. Fill with club soda.
Brandy Milk Punch - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Vodka Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake vodka, lemon juice, and syrup and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir. Garnish with citrus and cherry. Serve with a straw.
Brandy Crusta Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - Moisten the edge of a cocktail glass with lemon and dip into sugar. Cut the rind of half a lemon into a spiral and place in glass. Stir above ingredients with ice and strain into sugar-rimmed glass. Add a slice of orange.
Heather Blush - Champagne Flute - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3 oz chilled sparkling wine or champagne - add whole strawberry - Pour Scotch and liqueur into chilled champagne flute. Top with sparkling wine. Garnish with strawberry.
Jack Maples - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz apple brandy or applejack - add cinnamon sticks - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with cinnamon stick.
Brandy Alexander - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz creme de cacao (brown) - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz heavy cream - Shake well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Vodka and Tonic - Highball Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - Pour vodka into highball glass over ice. Add tonic and stir. Garnish with lemon or lime wedge. VODKA COLLINS
Apricot Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Alexander Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz creme de cacao (white) - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
After Dinner Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Leave lime in glass.
Harvest Moon - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz lillet blanc - 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/4 oz green chartreuse - 2 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Red Raider - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Vodka and Apple Juice - Highball Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - fill pineapple juice - Pour vodka into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with apple juice and stir.
Mint Julep (Southern Style) - Collins Glass - add springs mint - add powdered sugar - 2 oz ginger ale or soda water - 2 1/2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - In silver mug or collins glass, dissolve powdered sugar with water. Fill with finely shaved ice and add bourbon. Stir until glass is heavily frosted, adding more ice if necessary. (Do not hold glass with hand while stirring.) Decorate with sprigs of fresh mint so that the tops are about two inches above the rim of glass. Use short straws so that it will be necessary to bury nose in mint, which is intended for scent rather than taste.
Limestone - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - fill collins mix - fill rose's lime juice - Into ice-filled highball glass, pour bourbon, fill glass with collins mix, and add lime juice to taste.
Grounds For Divorce - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz kirschwasser - 1/4 oz cynar - 1/2 oz amaro nonino - add orange twist - Stir and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Gentleman's Cocktail - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz creme de menthe (white) - fill club soda - Pour bourbon, brandy, and creme de menthe over ice into highball glass. Add club soda and garnish with a lemon twist.
Dixie Julep - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 1/2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - Put sugar and bourbon into collins glass. Fill with crushed ice and stir gently until glass is frosted. Decorate with sprigs of mint. Serve with straws.
Victory Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 2 oz unsweetened grape juice - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange half-wheel - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with orange.
Buddy's Favorite - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 6 oz cold water - Pour ingredients into highball glass. Stir and serve without ice.
Bourbon On The Rocks - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - Pour bourbon into old-fashioned glass half-filled with ice.
Bourbon Cobbler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz  bourbon or rye whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1 1/2 oz almond extract - Combine all ingredients in mixing glass, pour over ice into old-fashioned glass. Decorate with peach slice.
Bourbon and Water - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 4 oz ginger ale or soda water - Pour bourbon and water into old-fashioned glass. Add ice and a twist of lemon peel, if desired, and stir.
Greenpoint - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Yellowjacket - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz pineapple juice - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with old-fashioned glass filled with ice cubes. Garnish with a lemon slice.
Velvet Peach Hammer - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 3/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz peach schnapps - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add peach slices - Pour vodka and schnapps into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Stir and top with syrup and lemon juice. Garnish with peach.
Grandfather - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz peychaud's bitters - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Goldrush - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz honey syrup - Shake and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Sake Martini - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz sake - 3 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice, strain into 3-or 4-oz. cocktail glass and serve with an olive.
Godfather - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3/4 oz amaretto di saronno - Pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir.
Jack-In-The-Box - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Saronno - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 oz five star brandy - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake well with cracked ice. Strain and serve in cocktail glass.
Saronno Colada (Nutty Colada) - Collins Glass - 3 oz amaretto di saronno - 3 oz coconut milk - 3 oz crushed pineapple - Put in an electric blender with 2 cups of crushed ice and blend at high speed for a short time. Pour into a collins glass and serve with a straw.
Saronno Mist - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - Serve in an old-fashioned glass over crushed ice with a twist of lemon or a wedge of lime, if desired.
Saronno Rose - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz club soda - Pour Amaretto di Saronno and lime juice over ice in a collins glass and fill with club soda.
Gilchrist - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3/4 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz amaro nonino - 2 oz grapefruit bitters - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Frisco Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz benedictine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. Garnish with lemon and lime.
Fratelli Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/4 oz fernet-branca - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Francis The Mule - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz coffee liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Fox River Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1/2 oz dark creme de cacao - 4 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Flying Scotchman - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Final Ward - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz green chartreuse - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Martini  - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - serve with an olive. 
Fancy Whiskey - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Mandarine Sour - Sour Glass - 2 oz mandarine napoleon liqueur - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into a sour glass. Decorate with a cherry and orange slice.
Mandarine Mist - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz mandarine napoleon liqueur - Pack an old-fashioned glass with finely crushed ice. Add Mandarine Napoleon Liqueur and a twist of tangerine peel. Serve with short straws.
Underneath The Mango Tree - Collins Glass - add lime wedges - add sweet chili powder - 1 oz mango flavored vodka - 1/2 oz peach liqueur - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz ginger ale or soda water - Rim Collins glass with lime and sweet chili powder. Fill glass with ice. Shake next four ingredients with ice. Strain into glass. Top with ginger ale.
Fancy-Free Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Honeymoon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz apple brandy or applejack - 3/4 oz benedictine - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Twister - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - add lime wedges - fill lemon-lime soda - Pour vodka and lime juice into Collins glass. Add several ice cubes. Squeeze lime into glass and add. Fill with lemon-lime soda and stir.
Everybody's Irish Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz green chartreuse - add green olive - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with olive.
Trident - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz cynar - 1 oz dry sherry - add lemon twiste - Stir and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon twist.
Top Banana - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz creme de banana - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Emperor Norton's Mistress - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz vanilla liqueur - 1/4 oz triple sec - add strawberry slice - Muddle halved strawberries in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and double-strain into ice-filled oldfashioned glass. Garnish with strawberry slice.
Easterner - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz maple syrup - add grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Toasted Drop - Cocktail Glass - add lemon wedge - add cinnamon sugar - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 3/4 oz crema di limoncello - 1/4 oz amaretto di saronno - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and cinnamon sugar. Shake ingredients without ice. Add ice and shake again. Strain into glass. Add lemon twist.
Eastern Sour - Highball Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 1/4 oz simple syrup - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Garnish with orange and lime.
K. C. B. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz kummel - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Easter Elchies - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz single-malt scotch whisky - 1/2 oz cherry heering - 1/2 oz punt e mes - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add brandied cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with brandied cherry.
Dufftown Flip - Brandy Snifter - 2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz tawny port - 1/2 oz demerara syrup - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add freshly grated nutmeg - Shake without ice. Then shake with ice and strain into snifter. Top with nutmeg.
Harvard Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Stir brandy and syrup in Collins glass. Add ice cubes and fill with soda water or ginger ale. Insert spiral of orange or lemon zest (or both) and dangle end(s) over rim of glass.
The Duboudreau Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/4 oz fernet-branca - 1/4 oz elderflower liqueur - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Irish Whisky  - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 2 oz irish whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Dubliner - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz grand marnier - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Flame orange twist and add.
Double Standard Sour - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz rye or bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Dixie Whiskey Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Hill Billy Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz georgia moon corn whiskey - fill mountain dew - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes, add a twist of lemon peel, and stir.
The Titian - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored vodka - 1/2 oz grand marnier - 1 oz passion fruit juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz pomegranate syrup - add fresh raspberry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with raspberry.
Tiger Tanaka - Cocktail Glass - add fresh cilantro leaves - add slice peeled fresh ginger - 2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1/2 oz crema di limoncello - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - Muddle cilantro and ginger in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients and shake. Double-strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Grenadine Rickey - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz grenadine - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with carbonated water. Stir. Put a slice of lime in glass.
Thyme Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1 oz mint syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add long thyme sprigs - 3 oz bitter lemon soda - add long thyme sprigs - Put first four ingredients in mixing glass, add ice, and shake well. Strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with bitter lemon soda and stir briefly. Garnish with long thyme sprigs.
Tabby Cat - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored vodka - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
God Child - Champagne Flute - 1 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz heavy cream - Shake well with cracked ice. Strain and serve in a champagne glass.
Sweet Maria - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Dirty Harry - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Swirl absinthe in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess absinthe. Stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Garnish with cherry.
Harvard Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Gin and Milk Punch - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Surf Rider - Highball Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 2 oz fresh orange juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - add orange half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Dinah Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with mint.
The Summer Of Love - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored vodka - 2 oz rose water - 1 oz lillet blanc - 1/4 oz black raspberry liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Devil's Soul - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz mezcal - 1/2 oz amaro nonino - 1/4 oz aperol - 1/4 oz elderflower liqueur - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Flame orange twist and add to glass.
Deshler - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/4 oz triple sec - 2 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute. Add lemon twist.
T.N.T. No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Stupid Cupid - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1/2 oz sloe gin - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Derby - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/4 oz benedictine - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Stockholm 75 - Cocktail Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 3/4 oz citrus flavored vodka - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3 oz chilled champagne - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Shake vodka, syrup, and lemon juice with ice. Strain into glass. Fill with Champagne
The Delmarva Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with mint.
Sputnik - Red-Wine Glass - 1 1/4 oz lime vodka - 1 1/4 oz peach schnapps - 3 oz fresh orange juice - 3 oz half-and-half - add peach slices - Shake with ice until frothy and pour into red-wine glass. Garnish with peach.
Gotham - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - 3 oz cherry  flavored brandy - add lemon twiste - Pour absinthe into chilled old-fashioned glass and swirl to coat. Shake brandy and bitters with ice and strain into glass. Add lemon twist.
De La Louisiane - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz benedictine - 3 oz absinthe or pastis - 3 oz peychaud's bitters - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
The Debonair - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/2 oz single-malt scotch whisky - 1 oz ginger liqueur - add lemon twiste - Stir and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Soviet - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz amontillado sherry - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Daisy Dueller - Highball Glass - 2 oz tennessee whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz triple sec - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled highball glass. Add ice and fill with soda. Garnish with orange and lemon.
Sonic Blaster - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz creme de banana - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - Shake and pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with orange and lime.
Creole Lady - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz madeira - 1 oz grenadine - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Rum Coooler - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz carbonated water - 1 oz coconut rum - fill ginger ale or soda water - In collins glass, dissolve powdered sugar in carbonated water. Stir. Fill glass with ice and add rum. Fill with carbonated water or ginger ale and stir again. Insert a spiral of orange or lemon peel (or both) and dangle end over rim of glass.
Siberian Sleighride - Brandy Snifter - 1 1/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 3 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled snifter. Sprinkle with chocolate shavings.
Cotton Club Flip - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - add egg white - add stick of cotton candy - Shake first four ingredients without ice. Add ice and shake again. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Top with bitters. Garnish with cotton candy.
Golden Dawn - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh orange juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled oldfashioned glass. Add grenadine.
Sidecar - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz hennessy v.s cognac - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz madeira - Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shalom - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz madeira - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add orange wheel.
Commodore Cocktail - Champagne Flute - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute.
Sea Breeze - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 4 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz fresh grapefruit juice - add lime wedges - Pour into ice-filled highball glass. Garnish with lime.
Screwdriver - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 5 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Pour into ice-filled highball glass. Stir well.
Coffee Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz cold brewed coffee - 2 oz ginger ale or soda water - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Pour bourbon, syrup, bitters, and coffee into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. Add soda water and stir again. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Salty Dog - Highball Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 5 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - Rim highball glass with lemon and salt. Fill with ice. Add vodka and grapefruit juice and stir.
Dr. Cook - Red-Wine Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into wine glass.
Chi-Town Flip - Collins Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz tawny port - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake first six ingredients without ice. Add ice and shake again. Strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Add bitters and top with nutmeg.
Chef's Pain - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz blackberry liqueur - 1/2 oz b & b - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Sampan Shipwreck A - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz cold brewed chai tea - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake well with ice. Double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Perch pineapple on rim of glass.
Chas - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/4 oz amaretto di saronno - 1/4 oz benedictine - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz orange curacao - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Goat's Delight - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz kirschwasser - 1/4 oz half-and-half - 1 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Russian Bear Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Character Development - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz coconut liqueur - 1/2 oz dry sherry - 2 oz grapefruit bitters - add grapefruit twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Ruby Red - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz grapefruit flavored vodka - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh orange juice - add grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Chaplin - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz dry sherry - 3/4 oz ramazzotti amaro - 1 oz triple sec - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Rouxby Red - Cocktail Glass - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz grapefruit flavored vodka - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz campari - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and salt. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Rosemary Clementine Sparkle - Cocktail Glass - add clementine or mandarin orange - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz honey syrup - add fresh rosemary sprig - 1 oz chilled sparkling wine or champagne - Squeeze clementine into mixing glass. Twist rind and add to glass. Add vodka, lemon juice, syrup, and rosemary sprig. Add ice and shake. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with sparkling wine or Champagne. Garnish with remaining rosemary sprig.
Chapel Hill - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Robin's Nest - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Chancellor Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz tawny port - 1 oz peychaud's bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Carre Reprise - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz hennessy v.s cognac - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz elderflower liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz peychaud's bitters - Stir with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Gilroy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Redhead Martini - Cocktail Glass - add fresh raspberries and strawberries - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - fill strawberry schnapps - Muddle halved strawberries in mixing glass with lemon juice and syrup. Add vodka and ice and shake well. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add sparkling wine. Garnish with the strawberry.
Red Apple - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Canal Street Daisy - Collins Glass - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add blood orange wheel - Add Scotch and juices to ice-filled Collins glass and stir. Fill with soda water and stir again. Garnish with orange.
Canadian Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Purple Ruby - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 1/2 oz pomegranate juice - 1/2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz honey syrup - add grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Canadian Cherry - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Moisten rim of old-fashioned glass with maraschino liqueur. Fill with ice. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Orange Smile - Red-Wine Glass - add egg yolk - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into stem goblet.
Purple Passion Iced Tea - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz black raspberry liqueur - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Pour ingredients into ice-filled highball glass in order listed and stir. Add lemon twist.
Canadian Breeze - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with pineapple and cherry.
Purple Passion - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 2 oz concord grape juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice. Pour with ice into Collins glass.
Cameron's Kick Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3/4 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Georgia Mint Julep - Collins Glass - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz peach flavored brandy - Muddle mint and syrup in Collins glass. Fill with ice. Add brandy and peach-flavored brandy. Stir and garnish with additional mint.
California Lemonade - Collins Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first five ingredients with ice. Strain into shaved ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and garnish with orange, lemon, and cherry. Serve with straws.
Boston Side Car  - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz five star brandy - 3/4 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cablegram - Highball Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled highball glass. Fill with ginger ale.
Bull And Bear - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz orange curacao - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add orange half-wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry and orange.
Brooklyn - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz rye or bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz amer picon or torani amer - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Brighton Punch - Collins Glass - 3/4 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz benedictine - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake first five ingredients with ice and pour with ice into Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir gently. Garnish with orange and lemon and serve with a straw.
Bourbon Renewal - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz creme de cassis - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Bourbon Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour whiskey into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. Add lemon twist.
Bourbon And Elder - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz elderflower liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Bourbon Crusta - Cocktail Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - add wide spiral of orange zest - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Curl the zest spiral in glass. Stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Bourbon Cooler - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz almond or orgeat syrup - add peach slices - Shake with ice in mixing glass. Pour with ice into old-fashioned glass. Garnish with peach.
Froupe Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz benedictine - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bourbon A La Creme - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz dark creme de cacao - 1/2 oz vanilla liqueur - Stir ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
The Bone - Shot Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 3 oz hot red pepper sauce - Shake with ice and strain into chilled shot glass.
Bobby Burns Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz benedictine - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
White Cargo Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz vanilla ice cream - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake until thoroughly mixed and add water or sauterne if the mixture if too thick. Serve in an old-fashioned glass.
Blood and Sand - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Blinker - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz straight rye whisky - 1 1/2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1 oz raspberry syrup - Shake and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with grapefruit twist or raspberry.
Pike's Peak Cooler - Collins Glass - fill hard cider - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass with cracked ice. Fill with cider and stir. Insert a spiral of orange or lemon peel (or both) and dangle over rim of glass.
Blarney Stone Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz anisette - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - add green olive - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist and olive.
Pacman - Collins Glass - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - fill ginger ale or soda water - Add grenadine, lemon juice, and bitters to collins filled with ice. Top with wedge of lime. with ginger ale. Notch an orange slice and slide down side of glass.
Lemonade (Golden) - Collins Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg yolk - 6 oz ginger ale or soda water - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Decorate with slices of orange and lemon, and a cherry.
Black Hawk - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz sloe gin - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Lemonade (Egg) - Collins Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake and strain into collins glass over ice cubes. Add enough water to fill glass. Serve with straws.
Bensonhurst - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cynar - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - Swirl Cynar in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess Cynar. Stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
The Beautiful Day - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/4 oz irish whiskey - 3/4 oz rhubarb syrup - 2 oz cold brewed green tea - add edible flowers - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with edible flowers.
French Quarter - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz lillet blanc - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon.
Creme de Gin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - add egg white - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Creamy Screwdriver - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - add egg yolk - 6 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz sugar syrup - Combine all ingredients with a half-cup of crushed ice in an electric blender. Blend at low speed and pour into collins glass.
Creamy Orange - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz cream sherry - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Creamsicle - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz vanilla liqueur - 1 1/2 oz coconut milk - 3 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Fill a tall glass with ice, add the above ingredients, and stir.
Cowboy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Beals Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Coronation Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cornell Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - add egg white - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Combo - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz triple sec - add powdered sugar - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Basin Street - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Cole's Raspberry Cream - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz raspberry yogurt - 1 1/2 oz raspberry ice cream - 1 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 2 oz heavy cream - Shake or blend.
Cognac Coupling - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz hennessy v.s cognac - 1 oz tawny port - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Coffee Sour - Sour Glass - 1 1/2 oz coffee flavored brandy - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Coffee Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz tawny port - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Coffee Cocktail - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 oz tawny port - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Purple Mask - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz concord grape juice - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Clove Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz sloe gin - 1/2 oz muscatel wine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Clover Leaf Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 2 oz grenadine - add egg white - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with mint leaf on top.
Clover Club Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz grenadine - add egg white - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Priority Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz calvados - 1/2 oz coffee liqueur - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Clamato Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz clam juice - 3 oz tomato juice - Shake with ice, strain, and serve over ice cubes in old-fashioned glass.
Cider Eggnog - Collins Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1/2 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Then fill the glass with cider and stir. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Chocolate Soldier - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Chocolate Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Chocolate Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 1/2 oz tawny port - 1 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - add egg yolk - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Chicago Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1 oz tawny port - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Pretty In Pink - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 3/4 oz creme de noyaux - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with soda water.
Cherry Wine Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz danish cherry wine - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Cherry Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Cherry Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz cherry vodka - fill white chocolate liqueur - Pour cherry vodka into collins glass over ice cubes. Fill with cola, add a slice of lemon, and stir.
Polynesian Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and sugar. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Chateau Briand's Rum Cow - Collins Glass - 1 1/4 oz dark rum - 1 oz sugar syrup - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 3/4 oz coconut milk - Blend and strain into a collins glass.
Champagne Velvet - Champagne Flute - 5 oz chilled stout - 5 oz chilled champagne - See Black Velvet recipe on page 54. Pour very carefully, in order given, into champagne flute so that the stout and champagne don't mix. 
Pink Pussycat - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - Pour ingredients into ice-filled highball glass and stir.
Back Porch Swizzle - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz ginger beer - fill green chartreuse - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Pour first four ingredients in crushed ice-filled highball glass. With barspoon between your palms, move hands back and forth and up and down to quickly rotate and lift spoon, until glass is frosted. Float Chartreuse on top, and garnish with mint.
Canadian Pineapple - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add a Stick of pineapple.
Calm Voyage - Champagne Flute - 1/2 oz strega - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz passion fruit syrup - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - Put all ingredients in blender with half a cup of crushed ice. Blend at low speed and pour into champagne flute.
Pink Lemonade - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with lemon.
Caledonia - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz creme de cacao (brown) - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz coconut milk - add egg yolk - Shake well with ice and Strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Sprinkle cinnamon on top.
Cafe De Paris Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Aztec's Mark - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz benedictine - 2 oz hot red pepper sauce - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Fontainebleau Special - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz anisette - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Suntan - Highball Glass - 2 oz hot shot tropical fruit liqueur - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Pour over ice in a highball glass. Fill with club soda.
Sunburn - Highball Glass - 2 oz hot shot tropical fruit liqueur - 2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - Pour over ice in a highball glass. Fill with club soda. Add a dash of grenadine for color.
Suissesse Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz anisette - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Strawberry Sunries - Highball Glass - 2 oz strawberry schnapps - 1/2 oz grenadine - Pour over ice in a highball glass. Fill with orange juice. Garnish with a fresh strawberry.
Autumn Leaves - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3/4 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz apple brandy or applejack - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz strega - 2 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add orange twist.
Pickled Pink - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz aquavit - 1/2 oz dill pickle brine - 2 oz angostura bitters - add dill sprig - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with dill.
Aquarius - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice.
Soul Kiss Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Pickled Martini - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz sweet pickle brine - fill 100-proof vodka - add sweet pickle slice - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with pickle.
Sloe Gin Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 oz sloe gin - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Angel's Share - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz amaro nonino - 1/4 oz creme de cassis - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Silver Stallion Fizz - Highball Glass - 1 oz vanilla ice cream - 2 oz orange flavored gin - fill carbonated water - Shake gin and ice cream with ice and strain into highball glass. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Silver King Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
American Trilogy - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - add orange twist - Muddle sugar cube in mixer glass. Add whiskey, applejack, and ice. Stir and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Add orange twist.
Silver Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - add egg white - fill carbonated water - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes.
Sherry Twist Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cream sherry - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Top with pinch of cinnamon and a twist of orange peel.
Sherry Sangaree - Old-Fashioned Glass - add powdered sugar - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - 2 oz cream sherry - fill carbonated water - 1 oz tawny port - In an old-fashioned glass, dissolve powdered sugar in water, add sherry, and stir. Add ice cubes and a splash of carbonated water, leaving enough room on which to float port. Add port. Sprinkle lightly with nutmeg.
Sherry Milk Punch - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz cream sherry - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Petit Zinc - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange.
Sherry Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz cream sherry - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Sherry-and-Egg Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg yolk - 2 oz cream sherry - Place an egg in a cocktail glass, being careful not to break the yolk. Add 2 oz. cream sherry.
Americana - Collins Glass - 1 oz tennessee whiskey - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - add peach slices - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with sparkling wine. Garnish with peach.
Allegheny - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz blackberry flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Sevilla Cocktail - Sour Glass - add powdered sugar - add whole egg and grated nutmet - 1 oz tawny port - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
September Morn Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Peach Iced Tea - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz orange curacao - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz honey syrup - 2 oz iced tea - add peach slices - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with peach and lemon.
Fantasio Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz white creme de menthe - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Scotch Bird Flyer - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz smoky scotch whisky - add egg yolk - 1/2 oz triple sec - add powdered sugar - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into champagne flute.
Algonquin - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz pineapple juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Savannah - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz white creme de cacao - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Pink Rose Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - 2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Ninotchka Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Prairie Oyster - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz worcestershire sauce - add tomato catsup - 1 oz balsamic vinegar - 1 oz hot red pepper sauce - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over two ice cubes. Place an egg yolk on top without breaking it. Add a dash of cayenne pepper.
Prairie Chicken - Red-Wine Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Open egg without breaking the yolk and put in wine glass. Pour gin on top. Add pepper and salt.
Pousse L'Amour - Sherry Glass - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - add egg yolk - 1/2 oz benedictine - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - Pour carefully, in order given, into 2-oz. sherry glass, so that each ingredient floats on preceding one
Puerto Apple - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz almond or orgeat syrup - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Decorate with a slice of lime.
Akogare - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz cold brewed black tea - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Prado - Sour Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Add a slice of lime and a cherry.
Port Wine Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz tawny port - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Port Wine Cobbler - Red-Wine Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz carbonated water - add shaved ice - 3 oz tawny port - add fruits in season - Dissolve 1 teaspoon powdered sugar in 2 oz. carbonated water; then fill goblet with shaved ice and add 3 oz. port. Stir and decorate with fruits in season. Serve with straws.
Nijinksy Blini - Champagne Flute - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz peach schnapps - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - fill chilled champagne - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled champagne flute and top with Champagne.
Affinity Cocktail (whisky) - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 3 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Plain Vermouth Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - See Vermouth Cocktail on page 189.
Ping-Pong Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - 2 oz sloe gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Moscow Mule - Beer Mug - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger beer - add lime wedges - Pour vodka and lime juice into copper Moscow Mule mug or standard beer mug. Add ice cubes and fill with ginger beer. Squeeze lime wedge and add to glass.
Phoebe Snow - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz anisette - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Affinity Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Peggy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz anisette - 1/4 oz dubonnet - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Peach Blow Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz peach flavored brandy - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Peach Blossom - Highball Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz peach flavored brandy - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Passion Mimosa - Champagne Flute - fill chilled champagne - Pour chilled juice into champagne flute, fill with chilled champagne. Garnish with strawberry.
Mocha Express - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz irish cream liqueur - 3/4 oz coffee liqueur - 3/4 oz cold brewed espresso coffee - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Palmer Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Stir with ice and strain in cocktail glass.
Mr. 404 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz elderflower liqueur - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz aperol - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Mountain Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Morning Glory Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1/2 oz anisette - 2 oz smoky scotch whisky - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Adderly Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Flame orange twist and add.
Fancy Brandy - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Montreal Gin Sour - Sour Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Add a slice of lemon.
Montezuma - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1 oz madeira - add egg yolk - 1/2 oz crushed ice - Mix in blender at low speed and serve in champagne flute.
Miss Jones - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz crema di limoncello - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with star anise.
Mint Gin Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz mint flavored gin - 1 oz white port wine - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Mint Collins - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz mint flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Add several ice cubes, fill with carbonated water, and stir. Decorate with slices of lemon and orange, and a cherry. Serve with straws.
Million-Dollar Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - add egg white - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Millionaire Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Academic Review - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz amaro nonino - 1/2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1/4 oz demerara syrup - Stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add orange twist.
Milk Punch - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Merry Widow Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz sloe gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
May Blossom Fizz - Highball Glass - 1 oz grenadine - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz swedish punch - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Mary Garden Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
19th Century - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz lillet rouge - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Manila Fizz - Highball Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 2 oz root beer - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Lemon Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes.
1626 - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz gingerbread liqueur - 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 2 oz angostura bitters - add italian preserved cherry - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry.
Maracuya Mosquito - Collins Glass - add fresh basil leaves - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz green chartreuse - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz passion fruit juice - add fresh basil leaf - Muddle 4 basil leaves in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice. Double-strain through wire sieve into crushed ice- filled Collins glass. Garnish with a basil leaf.
Madras - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 4 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add lime wedges - Build in order given into ice-filled highball glass. Squeeze lime and add.
Absinthe Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - 2 oz ginger ale or soda water - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lychee Lucy - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz lychee liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh orange juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 2 oz angostura bitters - add canned pitted lychee nut stuffed with a small pineapple leaf - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lycheepineapple garnish.
The Loop - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz black cherry flavored vodka - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz chile syrup - Shake ingredients with ice. Pour into chilled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with chocolate grated on top.
Long Island Iced Tea - Highball Glass - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Shake ingredients, except cola, with ice and pour with ice into highball glass. Add cola for color. Add lemon.
Fallen Leaves - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz calvados - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
L'italienne - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/4 oz lillet blanc - 1/4 oz ramazzotti amaro - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Rum Dubonnet - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ruby Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz sloe gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Limoncello Manzanilla Marmalade Sour - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 3/4 oz crema di limoncello - 3/4 oz manzanilla sherry - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grapefruit marmalade - add orange twist - Shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Royal Gin Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Royal Cocktail - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Royal Clover Club Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz grenadine - add egg yolk - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Lights On The Plaza - Cocktail Glass - add cucumber slices - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 1/2 oz acai berry flavored vodka - 1/2 oz black raspberry liqueur - 1 oz chilled sparkling wine or champagne - add raspberry and cucumber - Muddle cucumbers, lemon juice, and syrup in mixing glass. Add vodka, raspberry liqueur, and ice and shake. Double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with sparkling wine. Garnish with raspberry-cucumber skewer.
Rococo - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry vodka - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rock & Rye Cooler - Collins Glass - 1 oz rock and rye - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz rose's lime juice - fill bitter lemon soda - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice.
Rock & Rye Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz rock and rye - 1 oz white port wine - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Le Paradini - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz raspberry flavored liqueur - 1/2 oz grand marnier - 1 oz chilled champagne - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with Champagne.
Red Swizzle - Collins Glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz carbonated water - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1 oz grenadine - Make the same as Gin Swizzle (see page 99) and add one tablespoon of grenadine. If desired, rum, brandy, or whiskey may be substituted for the gin.
Lemon Drop - Cocktail Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz lemon flavored vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon wedge - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Shake ingredients with ice. Strain into glass. Squeeze lemon wedge and add.
Rebel Charge  - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add orange slice.
Rattlesnake Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - add egg white - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1/4 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ramos Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - add powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - 1/2 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
San Francisco - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Sand-Martini Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz green chartreuse - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz sake - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sake Martini (Sakini) - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz sake - 3 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice, strain into 3- or 4-oz. cocktail glass and serve with an olive.
Lemon Crush - Cocktail Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1/2 oz crema di limoncello - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Rye Whiskey Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - add powdered sugar - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Leaves Of Grass - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz aquavit - 1/2 oz demerara syrup - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - add celery stick - Stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add celery stick.
Widow's Dream - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz benedictine - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float one teaspoon of sweet cream on top.
Whiskey Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
L.A. Sunrise - Hurricane Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz creme de banana - 2 oz fresh orange juice - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz dark rum - add orange and lime wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled hurricane or parfait glass. Float rum on top. Garnish with lime and cherry.
White Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
White Plush - Collins Glass - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz coconut milk - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass.
White Elephant - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz sweet vermouth - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Kretchma Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Whiskey Skin - Punch Cup - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Put lump of sugar into hot punch cup and fill two-thirds with boiling water. Add 2 oz. Blended Whiskey. Stir, then add a twist of lemon peel.
Whiskey Milk Punch - Collins Glass - add powdered sugar - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Katana - Cocktail Glass - add cucumber slices - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz sake - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add cucumber slices - Muddle 3 cucumber slices in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice. Double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cucumber slice.
Ethel Duffy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz white creme de menthe - 3/4 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Daiquiri - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Wembley Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Weep-No-More Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jungle Juice - Collins Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and pour with ice into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Wedding Belle Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dubonnet - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Waterloo - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz mandarine napoleon liqueur - Pour rum and orange juice over ice in an old-fashioned glass. Stir. Float Mandarine Napoleon on top.
Waterbury Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add powdered sugar - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Washington Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/2 oz sugar syrup - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Jamaican Ten Speed - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz melon liqueur - 1/4 oz creme de banana - 1/4 oz coconut flavored rum - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Twin Six Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jackie-O - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - 1/2 oz creme de cassis - 1 oz apricot nectar - fill chilled champagne - add orange half-wheel - add orange and lime wheels - Rim chilled large cocktail glass with lime wedge and pink sugar. Shake first six ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Top with Champagne. Garnish with orange and lime.
Tropical Heart - Irish Coffee Glass - 1 oz hot shot tropical fruit liqueur - Pour ingredients into Irish coffee cup and stir. Garnish with a cinnamon stick.
Trois Rivieres - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 1 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add a twist of orange peel.
Tovarich Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz kummel - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Italian Screwdriver - Hurricane Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 3 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lime wheels - Rim hurricane glass with lime wedge and sugar; fill with ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice. Strain into glass. Garnish with lime.
T.N.T. Cocktail No. 2 - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz reposado tequila - fill tonic - Mix with ice in an old-fashioned glass.
T.N.T. Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 1/2 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ibiza - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored vodka - 1/2 oz campari - 1 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1 oz pomegranate molasses - 1 oz peach schnapps - 1 oz apple schnapps - add grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Thunder - Cocktail Glass - add powdered sugar - add egg yolk - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - add cayenne pepper - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Huntsman Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz jamaica rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Tequila Fizz - Collins Glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 3/4 oz grenadine - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - Shake well with ice and strain into collins glass over ice cubes. Fill with ginger ale and stir.
Humpty Dumpty - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz galliano - add whole egg and grated nutmet - 3 oz peychaud's bitters - Shake without ice. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Tequila Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 4 oz grenadine - add egg white - Shake ingredients with crushed ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon slice.
Temptation Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz anisette - 1/2 oz dubonnet - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add twists of lemon and orange peel.
Tchoupitolas Street Guzzle - Highball Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - fill ginger beer - Pour rum into highball glass over ice cubes. Add ginger beer.
Tahitian Tea - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz hot shot tropical fruit liqueur - 1 oz 7-up - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - In a highball glass, mix 1/2 oz. each of Gin, Light Rum, Vodka, and Hot Shot Tropical Fruit Liqueur. Add 1 oz. each of 7-Up, cranberry juice, and orange juice. Stir.
Limey  - Champagne Flute - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz lime liqueur - 1/2 oz triple sec - 2 oz rose's lime juice - Combine ingredients and a half-cup of crushed ice in an electric blender. Blend at low speed and pour into champagne flute. Add a twist of lime peel.
Headless Horseman - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 3 oz angostura bitters - fill ginger ale or soda water - add blood orange wheel - Pour vodka and bitters into Collins glass. Add ice, fill with ginger ale, and stir. Garnish with orange.
Love Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz sloe gin - add egg white - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz raspberry juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Los Angeles Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add whole egg and grated nutmet - 1/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Long Island Tea - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - fill white chocolate liqueur - Combine ingredients and pour over ice in tall glass. Add a dash of cola for color. Garnish with slice of lemon.
Harvey Wallbanger - Collins Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 4 oz fresh orange juice - 1/2 oz galliano - Stir vodka and orange juice in Collins glass. Add ice and stir again. Float Galliano on top.
Lime Giant - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - fill lemon-lime soda - Put ice cubes in collins glass and add lime vodka. Fill with lemon and lime soda. Decorate with a slice of lime.
Lil Naue - Red-Wine Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz tawny port - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - add powdered sugar - add egg yolk - Shake with ice and strain into wine glass. Sprinkle cinnamon on top.
Harrington - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz green chartreuse - add wide spiral of orange zest - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange zest.
El Profesor - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz pisco - 1/2 oz punt e mes - 1/2 oz benedictine - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Leap Year Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lasky Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz unsweetened grape juice - 3/4 oz swedish punch - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lady Love Fizz - Cocktail Glass - add powdered sugar - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg white - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Handball Cooler - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - fill ginger ale or soda water - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add lime wedges - Pour vodka into ice-filled highball glass. Fill almost to top with soda water. Top with orange juice and stir. Add lime.
Hyatt's Jamaican Banana - Brandy Snifter - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz creme de banana - 2 oz vanilla ice cream - 1 oz half-and-half - 1 oz creme de banana - Blend, then garnish with 2 slices banana, strawberry, and nutmeg, and serve in a large brandy snifter.
H.P.W. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
Hot Shot Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 1 oz hot shot tropical fruit liqueur - 1 1/2 oz lemon or lime juice - Rub rim of cocktail glass with rind of lemon or lime, dip rim in salt. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into the salt-rimmed glass.
The Groupie - Old-Fashioned Glass - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 2 oz citrus flavored vodka - fill ginger beer - Muddle lemons and sugar in mixing glass. Add vodka and ice and shake. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and top with ginger beer.
Grape Nehi - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz raspberry flavored liqueur - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Hole-in-One Cocktai - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz smoky scotch whisky - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Grapefruit Gimlet Royale - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 1/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz chilled champagne - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with Champagne.
Hair Raiser - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz 100-proof vodka - 1/2 oz rock and rye - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Godmother - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz amaretto di saronno - Combine in ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Green Opal - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Green Hornet (Dry) - Collins Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - fill lemon-lime soda - add powdered sugar - Pour lime vodka over ice cubes in a collins glass. Fill with lemon-lime soda, stir, and add a half-slice of lime.
Green Fizz - Highball Glass - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz green creme de menthe - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two cubes of ice. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Godchild - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 oz heavy cream - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Grape Vodka Froth - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz unsweetened grape juice - add egg white - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Grapefruit Nog - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz honey syrup - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Blend all ingredients with a cup of crushed ice at low speed and pour into collins glass over ice cubes.
Golden Slipper - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 2 oz apricot flavored brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float an unbroken egg yolk on top
Golden Freindship - Collins Glass - fill amaretto di saronno - fill sweet vermouth - fill batavia arrack or light rum - Mix equal parts in a collins glass over ice and fill with ginger ale. Garnish with an orange spiral and a cherry.
Golden Frappe - Collins Glass - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz sugar syrup - 1 oz tawny port - Stir orange juice, lemon juice, and sugar in collins glass. Add crushed ice and port.
Glass Tower - Collins Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz peach schnapps - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz sambuca - fill lemon-lime soda - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Pour first five ingredients into Collins glass. Add ice, then fill with lemon-lime soda and stir. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Golden Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - add egg yolk - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass. Fill with carbonated water.
Gloom Lifter - Highball Glass - 1 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz raspberry syrup - 1/2 oz sugar syrup - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with ice cubes.
Georgia Peach - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz peach schnapps - 1 oz grenadine - Stir first three ingredients in Collins glass. Add ice and stir again. Fill with lemonade.
Georgia Mule - Collins Glass - add peach slices - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger beer - add peach slices - Muddle 1 peach slice in Collins glass. Add vodka, lemon juice, and bitters, then stir. Fill with ice and ginger beer; stir again. Garnish with peach slice.
Gentle Ben - Collins Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz blanco tequila - fill each orange juice and sweet sherry - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with orange juice and stir. Garnish with orange and cherry.
East India Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz jamaica rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist and cherry.
General Harrison's Eggnog - Collins Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - fill red wine - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Fill glass with red wine and stir. Sprinkle nutmeg on top.
Gables Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz creme de noyaux - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple chunk - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water. Garnish with lemon and pineapple.
Frozen Brandy and Rum - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add egg yolk - add powdered sugar - Combine ingredients with a cup of crushed ice in an electric blender and blend at low speed. Pour into old-fashioned glass.
Frozen Apple - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz sugar syrup - add egg white - Combine ingredients with a cup of crushed ice in an electric blender and blend at low speed. Pour into old-fashioned glass.
Frisky Witch - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz sambuca - add black licorice stick - Stir in old-fashioned glass. Add ice and stir again. Garnish with licorice.
Froth Blower Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
French Martini - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz black raspberry liqueur - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Flatiron Martini - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored vodka - 1 1/2 oz lillet blanc - add blood orange wheel - Swirl triple sec in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess triple sec. Stir vodka and Lillet with ice and strain into glass. Garnish with orange.
Favourite Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Electric Jam - Collins Glass - 1 1/4 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz blue curacao - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill lemon-lime soda - Pour first four ingredients into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with lemon-lime soda and stir.
Fairy Belle Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Duke Cocktail - Champagne Flute - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - add whole egg and grated nutmet - fill chilled champagne - Add first five ingredients, shake with ice. and strain into champagne flute. Fill with chilled champagne and stir.
Dreamy Dorini Smoking Martini - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz smoky scotch whisky - 4 oz absinthe or pastis - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Dubonnet Highball - Highball Glass - fill ginger ale or soda water - fill carbonated water - Put Dubonnet in highball glass with two ice cubes and fill with ginger ale or carbonated water. Add a twist of lemon peel, if desired, and stir.
Dubonnet Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 2 oz dubonnet - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Dubonnet Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Doctor Cook - Red-Wine Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into wine glass.
Desert Sunrise - Collins Glass - 1 1/4 oz lime vodka - 1 1/2 oz fresh orange juice - 1 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - Pour first three ingredients over crushed ice in Collins glass. Do not stir. Top with grenadine.
Dillatini - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - A Martini substituting a dilly bean in place of the olive. See Martini on page 130.
Devil's Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz tawny port - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Derby Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - fill 100-proof vodka - add whole egg and grated nutmet - 2 oz smoky scotch whisky - 1 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Cubeltini - Cocktail Glass - add cucumber slices - fill 151-proof rum - add fresh mint leaves - 1 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lime juice - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Muddle the cucumber, mint leaves, and syrup. Add vodka and lime juice. Shake and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with mint sprig.
Crocodile Cooler - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1 oz melon liqueur - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - fill lemon-lime soda - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add maraschino cherry or lime wheel - Stir first five ingredients in hurricane glass. Add ice, fill with lemonlime soda, and stir again. Garnish with pineapple and cherry or lime wheel. Serve with a straw.
Cosmopolitan - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add orange and lime wheels - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Dream Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Jean Lafitte Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz anisette - add powdered sugar - add egg yolk - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Japanese Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz tawny port - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two cubes of ice. Fill with carbonated water and stir. Serve with slice of pineapple.
Citronella Cooler - Collins Glass - 1 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add lime wedges - Stir in Collins glass. Add ice and stir again. Squeeze and add lime.
North Pole Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Top with whipped cream.
The Cinquecento - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz benedictine - 1/2 oz campari - 3/4 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - add grapefruit twist - Shake with ice. Strain through wire sieve into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
New Orleans Gin Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Napoleon - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz orange curacao - 1/2 oz dubonnet - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Zombie - Collins Glass - 1 oz gold rum - 1 oz 151-proof rum - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz pineapple juice - 2 oz demerara syrup - Shake with ice and pour into chilled Collins glass. Garnish with mint.
Kiss the Boys Goodbye - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - add egg white - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
X.Y.Z. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
K.G.B. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz kummel - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Eye-Opener - Sour Glass - add egg yolk - add powdered sugar - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Wiki Waki Woo - Hurricane Glass - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz 151-proof rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir all ingredients with ice. Pour, with ice, into hurricane or parfait glass. Add orange and cherry.
Elk's Own Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 3/4 oz tawny port - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a strip of pineapple.
Eggnog Supreme - Punch Cup - 1 oz sugar syrup - 1 oz heavy cream - fill hennessy v.s cognac - add powdered nutmeg - Separate eggs; beat yolks in large serving bowl, adding sugar while beating. Stir in milk and cream. Slowly add cognac and refrigerate for 1 hour. Before serving, whip egg whites stiff. Mix into eggnog, dust with nutmeg.
Egg Sour - Old-Fashioned Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/4 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass.
White Lion Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
White Lily Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Ice Cream Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Outrigger - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz peach flavored brandy - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz pineapple juice - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Opera Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Virginia Dare - Cocktail Glass - add ripe pear - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz benedictine - 2 oz angostura bitters - Muddle 1 pear slice in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and strain through a fine wire sieve into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with remaining pear slice.
Opening Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Queen Bee - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz coffee flavored brandy - 1/2 oz cream sherry - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Van Vleet - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz maple syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Zaza Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dubonnet - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of orange peel.
The Vacation Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz dark rum - 1 oz mango juice - 1/2 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add mango slice - Muddle ginger, lime juice, and syrup in mixing glass. Add all but spiced rum. Shake with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass and float spiced rum on top. Garnish with mango.
Dolores - Champagne Flute - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz cherry liqueur - add egg white - add freshly grated nutmeg - Shake without ice. shake with ice and strain into a chilled champagne flute. Top with nutmeg.
Vesuvio - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Urban Anxiety - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cachaca - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz cynar - 2 oz angostura bitters - add grapefruit twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Flame grapefruit twist and add.
Virgin - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1 oz forbidden fruit - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tropica Cocktail - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 1 oz grenadine - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Mix ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Add pineapple wedge.
Vermouth Cassis - Highball Glass - 3/4 oz creme de cassis - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - Stir in highball glass with ice cubes and Fill with carbonated water. Stir again and serve.
Verboten - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz forbidden fruit - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add brandied cherry.
Velvet Hammer No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz strega - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Velvet Hammer No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz creme de cacao (brown) - 1 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ulanda Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz anisette - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Torridora Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz coffee flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz half-and-half - 1 oz 151-proof rum - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Float 151-proof rum on top.
Boston Sour - Sour Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - add egg white - Shake with cracked ice and strain into sour glass. Add a slice of lemon and a cherry.
Three Miller Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add fresh cherry tomatoes - 2 oz dark rum - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Muddle tomatoes in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bird-of-Paradise Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water.
Biffy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz swedish punch - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Between-The-Sheets Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Third-Rail Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz apple brandy or applejack - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/4 oz anisette - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bentley - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz dubonnet - Stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Tahiti Club - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon.
Barton Special - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/4 oz smoky scotch whisky - 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
Barnaby's Buffalo Blizzard - Collins Glass - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 1 oz galliano - fill vanilla ice cream - 1 oz grenadine - Shake or blend. Serve in a collins glass.
Susie Taylor - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Pour rum and lime juice into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with ginger ale and stir.
Baltimore Bracer - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bachelor's Bait Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - add egg white - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bushranger - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz dubonnet - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Sunset at Gowanus - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz maple syrup - 1/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/4 oz yellow chartreuse - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bulldog Highballl - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 2 oz orange flavored gin - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. Stir.
Bucks Fizz (Mimosa) - Collins Glass - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - fill chilled champagne - Pour 2 oz. orange juice in a collins glass over two cubes of ice, fill with Chilled Champagne, and stir very gently.
Buckjones - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Pour ingredients into highball glass over ice cubes and stir. Fill with ginger ale.
Stormy Colada - Highball Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 2 oz pineapple juice - fill ginger beer - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Add rum and pineapple juice to ice-filled highball glass. Fill with ginger beer and stir. Add skewered garnish.
Bronx SIlver Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add egg white - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
Bronx Golden Cocktail - Sour Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz orange curacao - Same as Bronx Cocktail with the addition of one egg yolk. Use sour glass.
Stone Wall - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3/4 oz demerara syrup - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - add green apple slice - add lime wedges - Muddle ginger and syrup in mixing glass. Add cider and rum and shake with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and fill with ginger beer. Add apple and lime.
Depth Bomb - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Stone Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry sherry - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Almeria - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz 17-year-old j. wray and nephew ltd. rum - 1 oz coffee flavored liqueur - add egg white - Shake all ingredients with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Aunt Jemima - Pousse-Cafe Glass - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz benedictine - Pour carefully, in order given, into a pousse-cafe glass so that ingredients do not mix.
Spanish Town Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Apricot Lady - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz rose's lime juice - add egg white - Shake all ingredients with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add an orange slice.
Apricot Anise Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into Collins glass over ice. Fill with carbonated water and stir lightly. Garnish with a slice of lemon.
Apple Rum Rickey - Highball Glass - 3/4 oz apple brandy or applejack - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/4 oz lime vodka - Pour applejack and rum into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water. Squeeze lime and drop into glass. Stir.
Sloppy Joe's Cocktail No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Applejack Punch - Punch Cup - 1 3/4 oz apple brandy or applejack - 4 oz grenadine - 16 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Combine first three ingredients in punch bowl with large block of ice. Add ginger ale and slices of apple.
Brandy Flip - Sour Glass - add whole egg and grated nutmet - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into sour glass. Sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
Sir Walter Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Saxon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Boston Bullet - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - A Martini substituting an olive stuffed with an almond for the regular olive. See Martini on page 130.
Sargasso - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz aged rhum agricole - 3/4 oz dry sherry - 1/2 oz aperol - 2 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange twist.
Santiago Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Black Velvet - Champagne Flute - 5 oz chilled stout - 5 oz chilled champagne - Pour very carefully, in order given, into champagne flute so that the stout and champagne don't mix. 
Saint Lucy Bracer - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 2 oz angostura bitters - add edible flowers - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with flower.
Applecar - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Apple Blow Fizz - Highball Glass - add egg white - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz apple brandy or applejack - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water.
Antoine Special - Red-Wine Glass - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - Float vermouth on top of chilled Dubonnet in a wine glass.
Ante - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz dubonnet - Stir well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
S & V - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Rum Toddy (Cold) - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1/2 oz ginger ale or soda water - 1 oz simple syrup - add lemon twiste - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - Stir rum, water, and syrup in old-fashioned glass. Add large cube of ice. Add lemon twist.
Deauville Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz dry vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Allies Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz kummel - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Swizzle - Collins Glass - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - fill ginger ale or soda water - Combine first four ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. With bar spoon between your palms, move hands back and forth and up and down to quickly rotate and lift spoon, until glass is frosted. Top with soda water. Serve with a swizzle stick.
A. J. - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
After Supper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Acapulco - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz sugar syrup - fill 100-proof vodka - add egg white - Combine and shake all ingredients with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Add a sprig of mint.
Absinthe Drip Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz sugar syrup - Pour Anis into special drip glass or old-fashioned cocktail glass. Place sugar cube over hole of drip spoon (or in silver tea strainer). Pack spoon or strainer with cracked ice, pour cold water to fill. When water has dripped through, drink is ready.
Ambrosia - Highball Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - fill chilled champagne - Shake all ingredients except champagne. Pour contents into highball glass with cubed ice. Fill with chilled champagne.
Rum Screwdriver - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 5 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - Stir rum and orange juice in ice-filled highball glass.
Rum Rickey - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lime wedges - Pour rum and lime juice into ice-filled highball glass. Fill with soda water and stir. Add lime.
Scotch Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz creme de menthe (white) - 1 1/2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Rum Relaxer - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - fill lemon-lime soda - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and pour with ice into hurricane or parfait glass. Fill glass with lemon-lime soda. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Rum Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz 151-proof rum - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir in ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Rum Martini - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz dry vermouth - add lemon twiste - Stir rum and vermouth with ice in mixing glass. Strain into ice-filled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Rum Highball - Highball Glass - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour rum into highball glass over ice cubes. Fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. Add lemon twist.
Rum Fix - Highball Glass - 2 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange and lemon wheels - Pour ingredients into ice-filled highball glass and stir. Add lemon. Serve with a straw.
Rum Daisy - Beer Mug - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - add generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - Shake with ice and strain into chilled beer mug or metal cup. Add 1 large ice cube. Garnish with fruit.
D'artagnan - Champagne Flute - 1 oz armagnac - 1 oz grand marnier - 1 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 3 oz chilled champagne - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into champagne flute. Top with Champagne and insert orange zest strips to extend the length of the glass.
Rum Cooler - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz ginger ale or soda water - Stir rum and syrup in Collins glass. Fill with ice, add soda water or ginger ale, and stir again. Insert citrus spiral(s) and dangle end(s) over glass rim.
Rum Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake rum, lime juice, and syrup with ice and strain into chilled Collins glass. Add several ice cubes, fill with soda water, and stir. Add lemon and cherry. Serve with a straw.
Seaboabd - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. Decorate with mint leaves.
Rum Cobbler - Red-Wine Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/4 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add generous amount of fresh seasonal fruit - In red-wine glass, stir rum and syrup. Top with soda water. Garnish with fruit and serve with a straw.
Robson Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz jamaica rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz fresh orange juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Rio Fix - Champagne Flute - 2 oz absinthe or pastis - 1 1/2 oz cachaca - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - Pour pastis into chilled champagne flute and swirl to coat inside. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Ringo Starr - Old-Fashioned Glass - add red grapes - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add fresh mint leaves - add sugar cube - 2 oz african rum - Muddle grapes, lemon, mint, and sugar in shaker. Add rum and ice and shake briefly. Strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
Restless Native - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime spiral.
Quarter Deck Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz cream sherry - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Quaker's Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz raspberry syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Puerto Rican Rum Daisy - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1/4 oz orange curacao - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - add freshly grated nutmeg - add blood orange wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with nutmeg and garnish with orange.
Cuban Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Prohibition Punch - Brandy Snifter - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz grand marnier - 1 oz passion fruit juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz chilled sparkling wine or champagne - Shake first five ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled snifter. Top with Champagne.
Prairie Oyster Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz five star brandy - 1 oz worcestershire sauce - add tomato catsup - 1 oz balsamic vinegar - 1 oz hot red pepper sauce - add egg yolk - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over two ice cubes. Place an egg yolk on top without breaking it. Add a dash of cayenne pepper.
Poker Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Planter's Punch No. 2 - Collins Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz jamaica rum - 1 oz grenadine - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz triple sec - fill fresh lemon juice - fill orange curacao - Stir first five ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass until glass is frosted. Add Jamaican rum, stir, and top with triple sec and grenadine. Garnish with fruit and mint. Serve with a straw.
Planter's Punch No. 1 - Collins Glass - 2 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz ginger ale or soda water - 1 oz grenadine - fill fresh lemon juice - fill orange curacao - Stir rum, lime juice, syrup, and bitters in ice-filled Collins glass until glass is frosted. Fill with soda water and top with grenadine. Garnish with the fruit. Serve with a straw.
Planter's Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz jamaica rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Pink Paradise - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz coconut flavored rum - 1 oz amaretto di saronno - 3 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 1/2 oz pineapple juice - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir ingredients in ice-filled hurricane glass. Garnish with pineapple and cherry.
Pink Creole - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1/4 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add cherry.
Pineapple Fizz - Highball Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake rum, pineapple juice, and syrup with ice and strain into chilled highball glass over 2 ice cubes. Fill with soda water and stir.
Pineapple Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Pearl Button - Collins Glass - 3/4 oz lillet blanc - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill lemon-lime soda - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with soda. Garnish with pineapple and cherry.
The Crux - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Paris When It Sizzles - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz elderflower liqueur - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lime wedges - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Palmetto Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 2 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Paddington - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz lillet blanc - 1/2 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange marmalade - add grapefruit twist - Pour absinthe into chilled cocktail glass, swirl to coat inside, and discard excess. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add grapefruit twist.
The Old Cuban - Cocktail Glass - add fresh mint leaves - 1 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 2 oz angostura bitters - 2 oz chilled sparkling wine or champagne - Muddle mint leaves, syrup, and lime juice in mixing glass. Add rum, bitters, and ice and shake well. Strain into chilled cocktail glass and top with Champagne. Garnish with chopped mint.
Oh, Gosh! - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lime juice - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Night Cap - Irish Coffee Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add freshly grated nutmeg - Pour rum and syrup in prewarmed Irish coffee glass, fill with warm milk, and stir. Top with nutmeg.
New Orleans Buck - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz fresh orange juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with ginger ale and stir.
Nevada Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Moonquake Shake - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1 oz coffee flavored brandy - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Monkey Wrench - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - fill pineapple or grapefruit juice - Pour rum into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with grapefruit juice and stir.
Creme De Cafe - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz coffee flavored brandy - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - add lime wedges - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Mojito - Collins Glass - add lime wedges - fill 17-year-old j. wray and nephew ltd. rum - add fresh mint leaves - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - fill ginger ale or soda water - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Muddle the limes, mint, and syrup in a Collins glass. Add the rum with ice and stir well. Top with soda water. Garnish with mint.
Champagne Flamingo - Champagne Flute - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz campari - 5 oz chilled champagne - add orange twist - Shake vodka and Campari with ice. Strain into chilled champagne flute and top with Champagne. Add orange twist.
Thunder and Lightning Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg yolk - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Casco Bay Lemonade - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - fill lemon-lime soda - add orange and lemon wheels - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill glass with lemon-lime soda. Float lemon wheel on top.
Caribbean Cruise - Collins Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/4 oz coconut flavored rum - 1 oz grenadine - 4 oz pineapple juice - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first four ingredients with ice and pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with pineapple juice. Garnish with pineapple and cherry.
Cappuccino Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz coffee flavored brandy - 3/4 oz half-and-half - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 5 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add lime wedges - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Cape Codder - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 5 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - add lime wedges - 1 oz five star brandy - add egg white - Pour into ice-filled highball glass. Stir well. Garnish with lime.
Baltimore Bracer Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz five star brandy - add egg white - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. 
Caesar - Highball Glass - add lemon wedge - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - add prepared horseradish - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - add freshly ground black pepper to taste - add celery stalk - add lemon wedge - Rim highball glass with lemon and celery salt, and then fill with ice. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Garnish with celery and lemon.
Bull Shot - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3 oz cold beef bouillon - 1 oz worcestershire sauce - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - add freshly ground black pepper to taste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
Bullfrog - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - add orange and lime wheels - Pour into ice-filled Collins glass and stir. Garnish with lime.
Boston Gold - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz creme de banana - 2 oz fresh orange juice - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass.
Corpse Reviver No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz hennessy v.s cognac - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz sweet vermouth - Stir with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Thanksgiving Special Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz dry gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Tequini Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with twist of lemon peel and an olive.
Bordeaux Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 1/2 oz lillet blanc - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bolshoi Punch - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz creme de cassis - Shake and pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Blue Lagoon - Highball Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz blue curacao - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Garnish with cherry.
Stinger Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bloody Mary - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3 oz tomato juice - 1/4 oz fresh lime juice - 4 oz worcestershire sauce - fill hot red pepper sauce - add freshly ground black pepper to taste - add lime wedges - add celery stalk - Roll with ice between both halves of Boston shaker. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with lime and celery.
Spritzer Highball - Highball Glass - 3 oz chilled rhine wine or sauterne - fill carbonated water - Pour into highball glass with ice cubes. Fill balance with carbonated water and stir gently.
Bloody Bull - Highball Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 2 oz tomato juice - 2 oz cold beef bouillon - add lemon wedge - add orange and lime wheels - Pour into ice-filled highball glass. Stir. Squeeze and add lemon. Garnish with lime wheel.
The Blood Orange - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz orange flavored vodka - 1 oz campari - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange.
Black Russian - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz coffee liqueur - Pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir.
Black Magic - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz coffee liqueur - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Black Cherry Chocolate - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz black cherry flavored vodka - 3/4 oz white chocolate liqueur - 3/4 oz black cherry juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Victor Collins - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3 oz unsweetened grape juice - 3 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass with ice cubes. Add slice of orange.
Snowball Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz light sweet cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Violet Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz creme yvette - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Bikini - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz coconut milk - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add lemon twiste - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Cold Deck Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz white creme de menthe - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Big Crush - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz raspberry flavored liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill chilled champagne - add fresh blackberries and raspberries - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass and top with Champagne. Garnish with berries.
Bianca - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz citrus flavored vodka - 2 oz pomegranate juice - 1/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - add lemon twiste - add fresh pomegranate seeds - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and sugar. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add lemon twist and pomegranate seeds.
Bella Fragolia - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz strawberry schnapps - add fresh basil leaves - 2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add strawberry slide - add fresh basil leaf - Muddle chopped strawberry and 4 basil leaves in mixing glass. Add vodka, lemon juice, and syrup with ice and shake well. Double-strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and top with soda water. Garnish with strawberry and basil.
Beer Buster - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - fill chilled beer or ale - 2 oz hot red pepper sauce - Pour vodka into highball glass and fill with beer or ale. Add hot sauce and stir lightly.
Basil 8 - Collins Glass - add fresh basil leaves - add white grapes - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - fill ginger ale or soda water - Muddle basil and 5 grapes in Collins glass. Add next four ingredients and stir. Add ice and top with ginger ale. Garnish with basil sprig and 1 white grape.
Shamrock Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz green creme de menthe - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Aqueduct - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Scotch Whisky Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Put whisky in highball glass with ice cubes and fill with ginger ale or carbonated water. Add twist of lemon peel, if desired, and stir.
Alfie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lemon flavored vodka - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Admiral Perry - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cinnamon schnapps - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz white creme de cacao - add thin pear slice - Stir with ice and shake into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with pear slice.
Yellow Rose Of Texas - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 3 oz rose water - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with rose water.
St. Patrick's Day Cocktail - Collins Glass - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz green chartreuse - 3/4 oz irish whiskey - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Purple Twister - Collins Glass - fill white chocolate liqueur - Pour into collins glass over ice cubes. Fill with cola, add slice of lemon, and stir.
Waiting On Summer - Collins Glass - add cucumber slices - add fresh sage leaves - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 3 oz ginger ale or soda water - add strawberry slice - Muddle cucumber, sage, and lime juice in mixing glass. Add tequila and syrup with ice and shake. Double-strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with ginger ale. Garnish with strawberry.
Cognac Highball - Highball Glass - 2 oz hennessy v.s cognac - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twist (optional) - Pour Cognac into ice-filled highball glass and fill with ginger ale or soda water. Add lemon twist, if desired, and stir.
Prince's Smile Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz dry gin - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Viva Villa - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - Rim old-fashioned glass with lime and salt. Fill with ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Praire Oyster Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz five star brandy - 1 oz worcestershire sauce - add tomato catsup - 1 oz balsamic vinegar - 1 oz hot red pepper sauce - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over two ice cubes. Place an egg yolk on top without breaking it. Add dash of cayenne pepper.
Praire Chicken - White-Wine Glass - 1 oz dry gin - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Open egg without breaking the yolk and put in wine glass. Pour gin on top. Add pepper and salt.
Venial Sin - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz mezcal - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/4 oz elderflower liqueur - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Vagabundo - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 1/2 oz fresh celery juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - add orange and lime wheels - Shake ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled hurricane glass. Garnish with lime wheel.
The 21st Century - Cocktail Glass - splash absinthe or pastis - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - Swirl absinthe in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess absinthe. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Pollyanna Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - fill pineapple or grapefruit juice - 2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Muddle oranges and pineapple with gin, vermouth, and grenadine. Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Toreador - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz dark creme de cacao - 1/2 oz half-and-half - add whipped cream - add cocoa - Shake with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with whipped cream, sprinkle with cocoa. THE 21ST CENTURY 1 splash
Pink Squirrel Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz light sweet cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Pink Lady Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz light sweet cream - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tijuana Taxi - Highball Glass - 1 oz blue curacao - 1 oz tropical fruit schnapps - fill lemon-lime soda - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Pour first three ingredients into ice-filled large highball glass. Fill with lemon-lime soda. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Tia Juanathan - Highball Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz aperol - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange half-wheel - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Top with soda water. Garnish with orange.
Phoebe Snow Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequonic - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - Pour tequila into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add juice, fill with tonic water, and stir. Garnish with citrus wedge.
Tequini - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Passion Daiquiri Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz coconut rum - 1 oz rose's lime juice - add powdered sugar - 1 oz passion fruit juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Parisian Blonde Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz light sweet cream - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz jamaica rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequila Sunrise - Highball Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 3/4 oz grenadine - Pour tequila and orange juice into ice-filled highball glass. Stir and add ice. Slowly pour in grenadine and allow to settle at glass bottom. Before drinking, stir to create the "sunrise"
Coffee Grasshopper - Old-Fashioned Glass - 3/4 oz coffee flavored brandy - 3/4 oz white creme de menthe - 3/4 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Tequila Straight - Shot Glass - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - add lime wedges - Put salt between thumb and index finger on back of one hand. Hold shot glass of tequila in same hand and lime wedge in other hand. Taste the salt, drink the tequila, and then suck the lime.
Tequila Sour - Cordial or Pony Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Tequila Smash - Old-Fashioned Glass - add blueberries - add bing cherries - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - add lime wheel skewered with blueberry and bing cherry - Muddle blueberries and cherries in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients and shake. Double-strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with skewered fruit.
Tequila Pink - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Tequila Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour tequila, syrup, and bitters in ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. Add soda. Add lemon twist.
Rob Roy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequila Mockingbird - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 1 1/2 oz agave nectar - 1 oz fresh lime juice - add orange and lime wheels - Rim one half of a chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. Muddle ginger in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients with ice and shake. Strain into glass. Garnish with lime wheel.
Tequila Matador - Champagne Flute - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute.
Tequila Manhattan - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add cherry.
T.N.T. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Thunderclap Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry gin - 3/4 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 3/4 oz five star brandy - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Thunder Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add powdered sugar - add egg yolk - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - add cayenne pepper - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequila Collins - Collins Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lemon wheels - add blood orange wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into chilled Collins glass. Add several ice cubes, fill with soda water, and stir. Garnish with lemon, orange, and cherry. Serve with straw.
White Lady Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - add egg white - add powdered sugar - 1 oz light sweet cream - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Tequila Canyon - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add orange and lime wheels - Pour into Collins glass and stir. Add ice. Garnish with lime. Serve with straw.
Chicago Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lemon wedge - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz orange curacao - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - Rim chilled old-fashioned glass with lemon and sugar. Stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Sunday Confession - Collins Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz crema di limoncello - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - fill ginger beer - add lemon wedge - Pour the first three ingredients into Collins glass and stir briefly. Add ice and top with ginger beer. Add lemon.
Strawberry Margarita - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 3/4 oz strawberry schnapps - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - add whole strawberry - If desired, rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and sugar or salt. Muddle strawberries with schnapps in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients and shake with ice. Strain through fine wire sieve into glass. Add strawberry.
Western Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Widow's Kiss Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz five star brandy - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/2 oz benedictine - 1 oz peychaud bitters - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Spice Of Life - Old-Fashioned Glass - add cucumber slices - add fresh mint leaves - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - add cucumber slices - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Muddle 3 cucumber slices, mint leaves, and syrup in mixing glass. Add tequila and lime juice with ice and shake. Double-strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with cucumber slice and mint sprig.
Widow's Dream Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz benedictine - add whole egg and grated nutmet - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float one teaspoon of sweet cream on top.
Vodka Gypsy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz benedictine - 1 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
South Of The Border - Cordial or Pony Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz coffee flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. Garnish with lime.
Vodka Grasshopper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Violet Fizz Juice - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz creme yvette - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Smoked Margarita - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1/2 oz smoky scotch whisky - 1 oz reposado tequila - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - add lime wedges - Pour Scotch into old-fashioned glass and swirl to coat. Add ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add lime wedge.
Sloe Tequila - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz sloe gin - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - Combine ingredients with 1/2 cup crushed ice in blender on low speed. Pour into old-fashioned glass. Add cucumber twist.
Queen Elizabeth Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz benedictine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Silk Stockings - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 1/2 oz heavy cream - 1 oz grenadine - add ground cinnamon - Shake ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with cinnamon.
Orchid Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz dry gin - add egg white - 1 oz creme yvette - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Orange Milk Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz coconut milk - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two cubes of ice. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Orange Gin Rickey - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with carbonated water. Add wedge of lime. Stir.
Orange Gin Highball - Highball Glass - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lemon twiste - Pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale or carbonated water. Add twist of lemon peel, if desired, and stir.
Orange Gin Fizz - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Orange Gin Collins - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into collins glass. Add several cubes of ice, fill with carbonated water and stir. Decorate with slices of lemon and orange and a cherry. Serve with straws.
Sidewinder - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz campari - 1/2 oz vanilla syrup - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz mezcal - 2 oz ginger beer - Fill Collins glass 1/2 full with crushed ice. Add all ingredients. Swizzle with barspoon until glass is frosted. Fill to brim with additional ice. Garnish with mint.
Orange Blossom Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Shady Lady - Highball Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz melon liqueur - 4 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 4 oz fresh grapefruit juice - Combine all ingredients in ice-filled highball glass and stir. Garnish with lime and melon or cherry.
Cherry Blossom - Cocktail Glass - fill wild cherry flavored brandy - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz grenadine - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Rim chilled cocktail glass with brandy and sugar. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Add cherry.
The Sfozando - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz mezcal - 3/4 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz benedictine - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Napoleon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz orange curacao - 1/2 oz dubonnet - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Moulin Rouge Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Stir with ice and strain cocktail glass.
Sea Of Cortez - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz creme de cassis - 1/4 oz orange curacao - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Satin Sheets - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz falernum - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Santana Sling - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz cherry heering - 1/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 3 oz ginger beer - Pour first four ingredients into ice-filled Collins glass and stir. Add ginger beer and stir again.
Rosita - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz campari - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon twist.
Mariposa Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz coconut rum - 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Margarita Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz lemon or lime juice - Rub rim of cocktail glass with rind of lemon or lime, dip rim in salt. Shake ingredients with ice and strain into the salt-rimmed glass. 
The Refuge - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz aperol - 1/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - Shake with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Manhattan Cocktail (dry) - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Mamie Taylor - Collins Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - Fill collins glass with ginger ale and ice. Stir.
Quetzalcoatl - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz mezcal - 1/2 oz creme de peche - 1/2 oz guava puree - 1/2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - add grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Zero Mint - Cocktail Glass -  2 oz creme de menthe (white) - fill ginger ale or soda water - For each serving chill 2 oz. Old Mr. Boston Creme de Menthe (Green) mixed with 1 oz. water in freezer compartment of refrigerator for 2 hours or longer if desired. (Does not have to be frozen solid.) Serve in cocktail glasses.
Purple Pancho - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz blue curacao - 1/2 oz sloe gin - 2 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz simple syrup - Rim chilled cocktail or margarita glass with lime wedge and sugar. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and pour with ice into glass. Garnish with lime wheel.
Midnight Express - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
London Special Cocktail - Champagne Flute - 2 dashes  whiskey barrel bitters - fill chilled sparkling wine or champagne - Put a large twist of orange peel into champagne glass. Add 1 lump sugar and 2 dashes bitters. Fill with well-chilled champagne and stir.
Mary Pickford Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Charles Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Martinique Rose - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz aged rhum agricole - 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Mariposa - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Mandeville - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz grenadine - fill white chocolate liqueur - Shake first five ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled old fashioned glass. Top with cola.
K.C.B. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz kummel - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add twist of lemon peel.
Malmaison - Cocktail Glass - fill anisette - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz cream sherry - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with anisette. Shake remaining ingredients with ice. Strain into glass.
Mai-Tai (Trader Vic Version) - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz orange curacao - 1/2 oz almond or orgeat syrup - Shake ingredients without ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Garnish with lime shell, mint, and skewered pineapple and cherry.
Jersey Lightning Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lumination - Champagne Flute - add slice peeled fresh ginger - 1 oz simple syrup - 2 oz dark rum - 1 oz angostura bitters - add lemon twiste - Muddle ginger in syrup in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients and ice and shake. Strain into chilled champagne flute. Add lemon twist.
Jamaica Glow Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz claret - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz jamaica rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Lounge Lizard - Collins Glass - 1 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - fill white chocolate liqueur - add lime wedges - Pour rum and amaretto into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with cola and stir. Garnish with lime.
Jack-in-the-Box Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Irish Whisky Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 2 oz irish whiskey - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with an olive.
Look Out Below - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz 151-proof rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Little Princess Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Little Devil Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Champs Elysees Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Hop Toad Cocktail  - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz coconut rum - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Level headed Cocktail - Brandy Snifter - 1 1/2 oz aged rhum agricole - 1 oz cold brewed coffee - 1/2 oz allspice liqueur (pimento dram) - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into snifter.
La Vita Dulce - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz mezcal - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add ground cinnamon - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with cinnamon.
Hole-in-One Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Ko Adang - Collins Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1 oz coconut rum - 1/2 oz ginger liqueur - 1/2 oz mango nectar - 1/2 oz cream of coconut - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with lime.
Knickerbocker Special Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz raspberry syrup - add small pineapple slice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with pineapple.
Hair Raiser Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz 100-proof vodka - 1/2 oz rock and rye - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Green Opal Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz absinthe substitute - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jamaican Ginger - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz falernum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 4 oz angostura bitters - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lime wheels - Stir first five ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass. Top with ginger ale. Garnish with lime.
Green Dragon Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz kummel - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 4 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Grasshopper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz light sweet cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Jamaican Crawler - Collins Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz melon liqueur - 3 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake first three ingredients with ice and pour into Collins glass. Add grenadine and stir.
Golden Slipper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 2 oz apricot flavored brandy - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Float an unbroken egg yolk on top.
Jade - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - 1/2 oz triple sec - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Jacqueline - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Jack Sparrow Flip - Highball Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz madeira - 3/4 oz simple syrup - add egg yolk - 2 oz angostura bitters - add freshly grated nutmeg - Shake without ice. Then shake with ice and strain into highball glass. Top with nutmeg.
Irresistible - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz benedictine - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add lemon twiste - Shake and strain into cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Carroll Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add cherry.
Hush and Wonder - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz creme de violette - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 3 oz grapefruit bitters - Pour creme de violette into chilled cocktail glass and swirl to coat; discard excess liqueur. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Hurricane Leah - Hurricane Glass - 1/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz lime vodka - 1/4 oz blanco tequila - 1/4 oz blue curacao - 1 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 3 oz fresh orange juice - add blood orange wheel - Pour ingredients, in order given, into ice-filled hurricane glass and stir. Garnish with orange wheel.
Gimlet Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Hurricane - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz passion fruit syrup - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 3/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz grenadine - add orange half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled hurricane glass. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Hop Toad - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
The Holy Roller - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz cachaca - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz honey syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - add fresh mint sprig dipped in sugar - Shake first five ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with Champagne or sparkling wine. Garnish with mint.
Hemingway's Nog - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz vanilla liqueur - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz creme fraiche - add freshly grated nutmeg - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with nutmeg.
Flying Scotchman Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/4 oz sugar syrup - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Flying Grasshopper Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz lime vodka - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Havana Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Harvest Nectar - Beer Mug - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz lemon-lime soda - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled beer mug.
Fancy Brandy Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz five star brandy - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/4 oz triple sec - add powdered sugar - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon peel.
Fallen Angel Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
The Poncho - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 2 oz peychaud's bitters - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add cherry.
Hai Karate - Collins Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz maple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with cherry/orange flag.
Cara Sposa - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz coffee flavored brandy - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Traditional Martini (Dry) - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Pina Agave - Cocktail Glass - add cucumber slices - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz pineapple juice - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz agave nectar - fill lemon-lime soda - add cucumber slices - Muddle 2 cucumber slices in mixing glass. Add the next four ingredients. Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with soda and garnish with cucumber slice.
Grande Guignol - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 3/4 oz cherry heering - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Pancho Villa - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz anejo tequila - 3/4 oz aperol - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - add grapefruit twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with grapefruit twist.
Paloma (Natural) - Collins Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - fill ginger ale or soda water - add lime wedges - Pour tequila and grapefruit juice into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with soda water and stir briefly. Garnish with lime wedge.
Golden Friendship - Collins Glass - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz amaretto di saronno - fill ginger ale or soda water - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Stir first three ingredients in ice-filled Collins glass with ice, then fill with ginger ale. Garnish with orange and cherry.
Paloma - Collins Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - fill grapefruit flavored soda - add lime wedges - Pour tequila into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill glass with soda and stir briefly. Garnish with lime wedge.
Pacific Sunshine - Hurricane Glass - add orange and lemon wheels - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 1/2 oz blue curacao - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - Rim chilled hurricane or parfait glass with lemon and salt; reserve lemon. Shake remaining ingredients with ice in mixing glass. Pour with ice into glass. Garnish with reserved lemon wheel.
Golden Eclipse - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1/4 oz amaro nonino - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add golden delicious apple wedge - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with cider. Garnish with apple wedge perched on glass rim.
Diplomat Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a half slice of lemon and a cherry.
Oldest Temptation - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz anejo tequila - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Flame lemon twist and add.
Ginger Grapefruit Rickey - Highball Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 2 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 1 oz ginger liqueur - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled highball glass and top with soda water.
Calvados Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz calvados - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Daiquiri Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - add powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz coconut rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Oaxaca Old-Fashioned - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz mezcal - 1/4 oz agave nectar - 2 oz angostura bitters - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Flame orange twist and add.
Cuban Special Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz coconut rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Decorate with stick of pineapple and a cherry.
Gaugin - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz passion fruit syrup - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Combine ingredients with 1 cup crushed ice in blender on low speed. Serve in chilled old-fashioned glass. Add cherry.
The Nomad South - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz blood orange juice - 1/2 oz agave nectar - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - Shake well with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Creole Lady Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz madeira - 1 oz grenadine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with one green and one red cherry.
No. 8 - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 3/4 oz palo cortado or oloroso sherry - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon twist.
Fog Cutter - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 1/2 oz almond or orgeat syrup - Shake first six ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with sherry.
Mexicola - Collins Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill white chocolate liqueur - Pour tequila and lime juice into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with cola and stir.
Floridita No. 3 - Champagne Flute - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute. Garnish with lime wheel.
Mexican Monk - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz dry sherry - 1/4 oz coffee liqueur - 1/4 oz benedictine - add lemon twiste - Stir well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Floridita No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz grenadine - add lime twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lime twist.
Mexican Madras - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 2 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/4 oz fresh lime juice - add blood orange wheel - Shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass. Garnish with orange.
Cadiz - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1/4 oz blackberry flavored brandy - 1/4 oz dry sherry - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz half-and-half - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
Chocolate Soldier Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Fireman's Sour - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz grenadine - add lemon half-wheel - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Fill with soda water, if desired. Garnish with lemon and cherry.
Fat Like Buddha - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1/4 oz benedictine - 1/4 oz triple sec - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Flame orange twist and add.
Cherry Blossom Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 1/2 oz grenadine - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass with its rim moistened with cherry liqueur and dipped into powdered sugar. Add a Maraschino cherry.
Fair-and-Warmer Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Chelsea Sidecar Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz dry gin - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Mexican Firing Squad - Highball Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 2 oz angostura bitters - add orange and lime wheels - Shake and strain into ice-filled highball glass. Garnish with lime.
Mexicana - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
El Presidente Cocktail No. 2 - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Margarita Tequila - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. Shake remaining ingredients and ice and strain into glass.
Lillypad - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - add blood orange wheel - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with blood orange wheel.
X. Y. Z. Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz coconut rum - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
La Ultima Palabra - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 3/4 oz maraschino liqueur - add grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
La Perla - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1 1/2 oz manzanilla sherry - 3/4 oz pear liqueur - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Bull's Milk - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 3 oz coconut milk - add freshly grated nutmeg - add ground cinnamon - Shake with ice and strain into chilled Collins glass. Top with nutmeg and cinnamon.
La Bomba - Cocktail Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 2 oz grenadine - add orange and lime wheels - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime wedge and sugar. Combine next four ingredients with ice and shake briefly. Pour with ice into glass. Add grenadine and garnish with lime wheel.
Jinx Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz becherovka (czech digestif) - 1 oz fresh grapefruit juice - add grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Flame grapefruit twist and add.
The Interesting Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz aperol - 1/2 oz dark creme de cacao - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add grapefruit twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Hot Pants - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 2 oz simple syrup - Rim old-fashioned glass with lime and salt. Fill with ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice. Strain into glass.
High Plains Drifter No. 1 - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz campari - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh lime juice - 3/4 oz honey syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - Swirl Campari in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess Campari. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Hairy Sunrise - Collins Glass - 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz lime vodka - 1/2 oz triple sec - 3 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add lime wedges - Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Float grenadine on top. Garnish with lime.
Guadalajara - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz benedictine - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Frostbite - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz heavy cream - add freshly grated nutmeg - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with nutmeg.
Flower Power - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz agave nectar - add egg white - 3 oz orange blossom water - 2 oz peychaud's bitters - Shake without ice. Then shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Cablegram Highball - Highball Glass - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - add powdered sugar - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - Stir with ice cubes in highball glass and fill with ginger ale.
Cabaret Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 2 oz whiskey barrel bitters - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz benedictine - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Bulla's Eye - Highball Glass - 1 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 2 oz hard cider - fill ginger ale or soda water - Stir brandy and hard cider in highball glass. Add ice, fill with ginger ale, and stir again.
El Oso (The Bear) - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz anejo tequila - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - Stir with ice. Drop dehydrated orange wheel into old-fashioned glass and add ice. Strain cocktail into glass.
El Nino - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lime wedges - add whole strawberry - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz blanco tequila - 5 oz rose water - Muddle lime, strawberry, and syrup in mixing glass. Add tequila and rose water and ice. Shake briefly and strain into ice-filled oldfashioned glass.
El Molino - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz mezcal - 3/4 oz palo cortado or oloroso sherry - 1/4 oz allspice liqueur (pimento dram) - 1/4 oz white creme de cacao - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Bucks Fizz - Collins Glass - 2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - fill chilled sparkling wine or champagne - Pour 2 oz. orange juice in a collins glass over two cubes of ice, fill with champagne, and stir very gently.
Dirty Daisy - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1 oz white curacao - 1/2 oz olive brine - 1 oz balsamic vinegar - 1 oz fresh lime juice - Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime wheel.
Diablo - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz creme de cassis - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - fill ginger ale or soda water - add orange and lime wheels - Shake first three ingredients with ice. Strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with ginger ale. Garnish with lime.
Count Camillo's Paloma - Collins Glass - 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz campari - 2 oz grapefruit soda - add fresh rosemary sprig - Pour ingredients into Collins glass and stir briefly. Fill with ice. Garnish with rosemary.
Company B - Cocktail Glass - add whole strawberry - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz campari - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - add strawberry slice - Muddle whole strawberry in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and strain through fine wire sieve into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with strawberry slice.
Chupa Cabra - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz fresh grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz campari - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - add orange and lime wheels - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lime.
Chinchona - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz anejo tequila - 3/4 oz lillet rouge - 1/2 oz orange curacao - 2 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add orange twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Chapala - Hurricane Glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - Shake and strain into hurricane glass. Fill glass with crushed ice. Garnish with orange blossoms, if using, and orange wedge.
Bulldog Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Boston Sidecar Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz five star brandy - 3/4 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Catalina Margarita - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz peach schnapps - 1 oz blue curacao - 2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Camino Del Ray - Cocktail Glass - 1 3/4 oz anejo tequila - 1 oz palo cortado or oloroso sherry - 1/2 oz drambuie - add lemon twiste - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
Cactus Berry - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz blanco tequila - 1 1/4 oz red wine - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz lemon-lime soda - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and pour into glass.
Bolero Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/4 oz sweet vermouth - Stir well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bum's Rush - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lime juice - add lime wedges - Shake with ice and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with lime.
Brave Bull - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz coffee liqueur - add lemon twiste - Pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. Add lemon twist.
Blue Margarita - Cocktail Glass - fill rose's lime juice - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz blue curacao - 1 oz fresh lime juice - Rim chilled cocktail glass with lime juice and salt. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Bloody Maria - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 2 oz tomato juice - 1/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 oz hot red pepper sauce - add orange and lemon wheels - Stir with ice. Strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. Add lemon wheel.
Pineapple Dream Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz imported rum - Shake well with cracked ice and strain into 3 oz. cocktail glass.
Big Red Hooter - Collins Glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz amaretto di saronno - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - add pineapple wedge skewered with maraschino cherry - Pour tequila and amaretto into ice-filled Collins glass. Fill with pineapple juice and top with grenadine. Add cherry. Serve with straw.
Blood Bronx Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz blood orange juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bravo - Old-Fashioned Glass - 2 oz anejo tequila - 1/4 oz agave nectar - 2 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - add grapefruit twist - Stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. Add grapefruit twist.
Amante Picante - Cocktail Glass - add cucumber slices - add fresh cilantro sprigs - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 2 oz jalapeno hot pepper sauce - add cucumber slices - Muddle 2 cucumber slices and cilantro in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cucumber.
Brunswick Street Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz hennessy v.s cognac - 1 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - add egg yolk - add freshly grated nutmeg - Shake without ice. Add ice and shake again. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Top with nutmeg.
Black Hawk Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 1/4 oz sloe gin - Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Serve with a cherry.
Alamo Splash - Collins Glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz lemon-lime soda - Pour first three ingredients into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with lemon-lime soda and stir.
Betsy Ross Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1 1/2 oz tawny port - 1 oz triple sec - 1 1/4 oz dry gin - Stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Bermuda Rose Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/4 oz dry gin - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz grenadine - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. 
Yokahama Romance - Cocktail Glass - 2 1/2 oz sake - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - add unsprayed rose petal - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add rose petal.
Yale Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz blue curacao - 1 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Xanthia Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Woodstock - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz maple syrup - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Wolf's Bite - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz green chartreuse - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Barbary Coast Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz coconut rum - 1/2 oz creme de cacao (brown) - 1/2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - 1/2 oz light sweet cream - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
The Winkle - Cocktail Glass - add fresh sage leaves - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz crema di limoncello - 1/2 oz simple syrup - add fresh blackberries and raspberries - add lemon twiste - Muddle sage in mixing glass. Add remaining ingredients. Shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add lemon twist.
The Wink - Old-Fashioned Glass - 1 splash absinthe or pastis - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz peychaud's bitters - Rinse a chilled old-fashioned glass with absinthe and pour out excess absinthe. Stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Garnish with a wink.
Will Rogers - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Brandy Vermouth Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 2 oz cherry  flavored brandy - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
White Spider - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
White Lady - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz triple sec - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Western Rose - Cocktail Glass - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
May Blosson Fizz - Highball Glass - 1 oz grenadine - 1/2 oz fresh lemon juice - 2 oz swedish punch - Shake well with cracked ice and strain into 7 oz. highball glass. Fill with carbonated water and stir.
Wembly Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz apple brandy or applejack - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Apple Pie Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz apple flavored brandy - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1 oz fresh lemon juice - Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. 
Water Lily - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz creme de violette - 3/4 oz fresh lemon juice - add orange twist - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add orange twist.
Wallis Blue Cocktail - Old-Fashioned Glass - add lime wedges - add superfine sugar or coarse salt (optional) - 1 oz orange flavored gin - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz fresh lime juice - Rim old-fashioned glass with lime and sugar. Fill with ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
Minnehaha Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1/4 oz each orange juice and sweet sherry - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz dry gin - Shake well with cracked ice and strain into 4 oz. cocktail glass.
Wallick Cocktail - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz triple sec - Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Waikiki Beachcomber - Cocktail Glass - 3/4 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Vow Of Silence - Cocktail Glass - 1 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 3/4 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz fresh lime juice - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/4 oz amaro nonino - 1/4 oz simple syrup - Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
