gauguin - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz light rum - 1 oz passion fruit syrup - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz lime juice - special ingredients: cherry - combine ingredients with a cup of crushed ice in blender and blend at low speed. serve in old-fashioned glass. garnish with a cherry.
fort lauderdale - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz orange juice - 1/4 oz lime juice - special ingredients: orange slice - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. garnish with a orange slice.
apple pie - old-fashioned glass - 3 oz apple schnapps - 1 oz cinnamon schnapps - special ingredients: apple slice - pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with an apple slice and top with cinnamon.
cuban cocktail no. 1 - cocktail glass - 2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1/2 oz lime juice - shake with ice and  strain into cocktail glass.
cool carlos - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 2 oz cranberry juice - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz orange curacao - 1 oz sour mix - special ingredients: pineapple slice, orange slice, cherry - mix all ingredients except curacao with ice, shake well. pour into collins glass and top with curacao. garnish with a pineapple slice, an orange slice, and a cherry.
john collins - collins glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz soda water - 1/2 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: orange slice, lemon slice, cherry - shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into collins glass. add ice, fill with soda water, and stir. garnish with an orange slice, a lemon slice , and a cherry. serve with straws.
cherry rum - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1 1/4 oz light rum - 1 oz light cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
casa blanca - cocktail glass - 2 oz light rum - 1 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 1/2 oz maraschino - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
caribbean champagne - champagne flute - 3 chilled champagne - 1/2 oz creme de baa - 1/2 oz light rum - special ingredients: baa slice - pour rum and baa liqueur into champagne flute. fill with champagne and stir lightly. garnish with a baa slice.
amber amour - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 6 soda water - special ingredients: cherry - pour amaretto, lemon juice, and syrup into ice-filled collins glass. top with soda water and stir. garnish with a cherry.
the joe lewis - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz scotch whiskey - 1 oz carrot juice - 1 oz agave nectar - 3/4 oz tawny port - 1/2 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
bacardi cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
apple pie no. 1 - cocktail glass - 1 oz apple brandy - 3/4 oz light rum - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
yolanda - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz grenadine - special ingredients: orange twist - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a orange twist.
yellow rattler - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - special ingredients: cocktail onion - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cocktail onion.
why not? - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
amaretto stinger - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto - 3/4 oz white creme de menthe - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
what the hell - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz lemon juice - stir in old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
webster cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz lime juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
union jack cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 1/2 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
jocose julep - collins glass - 2 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup -  soda water - special ingredients: mint - combine first five ingredients in blender without ice until smooth. pour into ice-filled collins glass. fill with soda water and stir. garnish with mint sprig.
trinity cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
three stripes cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
tanq-a-rita - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3 oz margarita mix - 1 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
amaretto sour - cordial or pony glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: orange slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. garnish with an orange slice.
tailspin cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz gin - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz green chartreuse - 1 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist, cherry, olive - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist and a cherry or an olive.
sweet patootie cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz orange juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
sunshine cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz bitters - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist
spring feeling cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz green chartreuse - 1 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
sphinx cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: lemon slice - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon slice.
jitterbug sour - cocktail glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz benedictine - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz honey syrup - 1 oz egg white - 1 dash angostura bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake first five ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. add bitters and garnish with a lemon twist.
southern gin cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz gin - 2 oz orange bitters - 1/2 oz triple sec - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
society cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz grenadine - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
snyder - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist
smiler cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz gin - 1 oz bitters - 1/4 oz orange juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
smile cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz gin - 1/2 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
amaretto rose - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup -  soda water - pour first three ingredients into ice-filled collins glass and fill with soda water. stir.
sand-martin cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz green chartreuse - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
irish whiskey highball - highball glass - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1 oz ginger ale or soda water - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour whiskey into ice-filled highball glass. fill with ginger ale or soda water. garnish with a lemon twist, if desired, and stir.
japanese - cocktail glass - 2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
roselyn cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz grenadine - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
resolute cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
racquet club cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
amaretto and cream - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto - 1 1/2 oz half-and-half - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
pollyanna cocktai - cocktail glass - 3 oz orange - 3 oz pineapple - 2 oz gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz grenadine - muddle ingredients. shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
plaza cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz gin - special ingredients: pineapple slice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a pineapple slice.
irish whiskey cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz anisette - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: olive - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an olive.
absinthe special cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz absinthe - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz orange bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
nineteenth hole - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz bitters - special ingredients: olive - stir with ice in mixing glass and strain into cocktail glass and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an olive.
montreal club bouncer - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz anisette - pour into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. stir.
monte carlo imperial highball - highball glass - 2 oz gin - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1/4 oz lemon juice -  chilled champagne - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over ice cubes. fill glass with champagne and stir.
irish shillelagh - irish coffee glass - 1 1/2 oz irish whiskey - 1 oz light rum - 1/2 oz sloe gin - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: berries, peach slices, cherry - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled irish coffee glass. garnish with berries, peach slices, and a cherry.
melon cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz gin - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz maraschino - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
martini (medium) - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - special ingredients: olive - stir or shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
martini (dry) (5-to-1) - cocktail glass - 1 2/3 oz gin - 1/3 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: olive - stir or shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
mamie's sister - collins glass - 1 oz lime juice - 2 oz gin -  ginger ale - put the juice of one lime and a lime twist into collins glass, and add gin. fill glass with ginger ale and ice. stir.
irish rickey - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 oz soda water - special ingredients: lime slice - pour whiskey and lime juice into ice-filled highball glass. fill with soda water and stir. garnish with a lime slice.
maiden's prayer - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
lone tree cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
london buck - highball glass - 2 oz gin - 1/2 oz lemon juice -  ginger ale - pour gin and lemon juice over ice cubes in highball glass. fill with ginger ale and stir.
leap frog highball - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz gin -  ginger ale - pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. stir.
incider cocktail - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz rye or bourbon whiskey - 4 oz apple cider - 1 oz apple slice - special ingredients: apple slice - stir whiskey and apple cider in ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with an apple slice.
kup's indispensable cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz light vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz bitters - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
knock-out cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz anisette - 3/4 oz gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz creme de menthe (white) - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
k. g. b. cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz kummel - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist
imperial fizz - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz soda water - shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. fill with soda water and stir.
jeyplak cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz anisette - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
h. p. w. cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a orange twist.
i.a.p. - collins glass - 2 oz tennessee whiskey - 1/4 oz fernet-branca - 3 oz cola - build in ice-filled collins glass.
hotel plaza cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz gin - special ingredients: pineapple slice - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a pineapple slice.
hoffman house cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - special ingredients: olive - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an olive.
hawaiin cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz gin - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
white russian - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz vodka - 1 oz coffee liqueur -  milk or half-and-half - pour vodka and coffee liqueur into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. fill with milk or half-and-half.
greyhound - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 5 oz grapefruit juice - pour into highball glass over ice cubes. stir well.
green devil - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz lime juice - special ingredients: mint - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. garnish with mint.
greenback - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
grapefruit cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz grapefruit juice - 1 oz gin - 1 oz maraschino - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. serve with a cherry.
hotel d'alsace - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz rosemary sprig - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz benedictine - 1/2 oz triple sec - special ingredients: rosemary - muddle leaves from half-sprig of rosemary in mixing glass and reserve the other half. add remaining ingredients. stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with rosemary.
jamaica granito - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz lemon or orange sherbet - soda water  - special ingredients: nutmeg - add first three ingredients to collins glass. add soda water. top with nutmeg.
gin sling - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz water - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz gin - special ingredients: orange twist - dissolve sugar in water and lemon juice. add gin. pour into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes and stir. garnish with an orange twist
gin milk punch - collins glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz gin - 1 oz milk - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and top with nutmeg.
horse's neck (with a kick) - collins glass - 1 oz wide spiral of lemon zest - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1 oz ginger ale - special ingredients: lemon twist - fill collins glass with ice cubes. add whiskey. fill with ginger ale and stir well. garnish with lemon twist.
gin and it - cocktail glass - 2 oz gin - 1 oz sweet vermouth - stir ingredients in cocktail glass. (no ice is used in this drink.)
gin cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz gin - 2 oz bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
west side - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz lemon-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - soda water  - shake first four ingredients with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with a splash of soda water.
gimlet - cocktail glass - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
free silver - collins glass - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz dark rum - 1 oz milk -  club soda - shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice cubes. fill with club soda.
frankenjack cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 1/2 oz gin & ginger ale - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
fog horn - highball glass - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 1/2 oz gin & ginger ale - 2 oz gin - 1 oz triple sec - special ingredients: lime slice - pour into highball glass over ice cubes. fill with ginger ale. stir. garnish with a lime slice.
flying dutchman - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz gin - 1 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
hoot mon cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz benedictine - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
fifty-fifty cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
favorite cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz gin - 1/4 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
farmer's cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 2 oz bitters - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
warsaw cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz blackberry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
emerald isle cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz gin - 1 oz green creme de menthe - 3 oz bitters - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
du barry cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz bitters - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 1/2 oz gin - special ingredients: orange slice - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an orange slice.
dry martini (5-to-1) - cocktail glass - 1 2/3 oz gin - 1/3 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: lemon twist, olive - stir vermouth and gin over ice cubes in mixing glass. strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist or an olive, if desired.
dixie cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/4 oz orange juice - 1 oz anisette - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
delmonico no. 2 - cocktail glass - 1 oz orange bitters - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
hole-in-one - cocktail glass - 1 3/4 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
vodka stinger - cocktail glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz white creme de menthe - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
caruso - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
bulldog highball - highball glass - 1/2 oz orange juice - 2 oz gin -  ginger ale - pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. stir.
brown cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz gin - 3/4 oz light rum - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
bronx terrace cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz lime juice - special ingredients: cherry - shake with  ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
bronx cocktail (dry) - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz orange juice - special ingredients: orange slice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an orange slice.
hill dog - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz white whiskey - 1/2 oz grand marnier - 1/2 oz dry sherry - 1/2 oz lavender syrup - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
blue devil cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1/2 or 1 juice of lemon or lime - 1 oz maraschino - 1/2 oz blue curacao - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
blue canary - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz gin - 3 oz grapefruit juice - 1 oz blue curacao - special ingredients: mint - combine ingredients with ice in mixing glass and stir gently. strain into chilled cocktail glass filled with crushed ice. garnish with a mint sprig.
blue bird - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist, cherry - stir with ice cubes and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist and a cherry.
bloodhound cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz gin - special ingredients: strawberry - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with two or three crushed strawberries.
billy taylor - collins glass - 1/2 oz lime juice - 2 oz gin -  club soda - fill collins glass with club soda and ice cubes. stir in lime juice and gin.
bijou cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz gin - 3/4 oz green chartreuse - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
bermuda rose - cocktail glass - 1 1/4 oz gin - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
vodka sour - cocktail glass - 2 oz vodka - 2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: lemon slice, cherry - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon slice and a cherry.
apricot anisette collins - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz lemon juice - club soda  - special ingredients: lemon slice - shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice. fill with club soda and stir lightly. garnish with a lemon slice.
alexander's sister cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz light cream - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. top with nutmeg.
highland cooler - collins glass - 2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz simple syrup -  soda water or ginger ale - special ingredients: orange twist, lemon twist - stir scotch and syrup in collins glass. add ice. fill with soda and stir again. garnish with an orange twist or a lemon twist.
alexander cocktail no. 1 - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1 oz creme de cacao (white) - 1 oz light cream - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. top with nutmeg.
adam and eve - cocktail glass - 1 oz forbidden fruit - 1 oz gin - 1 oz brandy - 1 oz lemon juice - shake well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
vodka sling - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz vodka - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: orange twist - pour vodka, lemon juice, and syrup into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. garnish with an orange twist.
jack rose cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz applejack - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
tempter cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz port - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
special rough cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz anisette - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
vodka grasshopper - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz vodka - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz half-and-half - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
singapore sling - collins glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz gin -  club soda - 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - special ingredients: pineapple slice - shake lemon, sugar, and gin with ice and strain into collins glass. add ice cubes and fill with club soda. top with cherry-flavored brandy. garnish with pineapple slice and serve with straws.
saratoga cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz brandy - 2 oz bitters - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz maraschino - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
high cotton - cocktail glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz pimm's no. 1 cup - 1/2 oz dubonnet rouge - 2 oz peach bitters - special ingredients: lemon slice, mint - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon slice and mint.
polonaise - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1 oz blackberry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz dry sherry - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
vodka gimlet - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
merry widow cocktail no. 2 - cocktail glass - 1 1/4 oz maraschino - 1 1/4 oz cherry-flavored brandy - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. serve with a cherry.
lugger - cocktail glass - 1 oz brandy - 1 oz apple brandy - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
jamaica hop - cocktail glass - 1 oz coffee-flavored brandy - 1 oz creme de cacao (white) - 1 oz light cream - shake well with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
hebrides - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz single-malt scotch whisky - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz triple sec - 2 oz apple juice - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - pour into ice-filled collins glass and stir.
hennessy martini - cocktail glass - 2 oz hennessy v.s cognac - 1/2 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: lemon twist - fill shaker or mixing glass with ice. add hennessy and lemon juice. stir gently, don't shake. let settle. strain into chilled martini glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
vodka daisy - beer mug - 2 oz vodka - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - special ingredients: seasonal fruit - shake with ice. strain into ice-filled beer mug or metal cup. garnish with seasonal fruit.
heavenly dram - cocktail glass - 2 oz single-malt scotch whisky - 1/2 oz pedro ximenez sherry - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz honey syrup - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
classic cocktail - old-fashioned glass - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz curacao - 1 1/2 oz maraschino - 1 oz brandy - special ingredients: powdered sugar - prepare rim of old-fashioned glass by rubbing with lemon and dipping into powdered sugar. shake ingredients with ice and strain into prepared glass.
cherry sling - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: lemon twist - serve in old-fashioned glass filled with ice cubes and stir. garnish with a lemon twist.
cherry fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz cherry-flavored brandy -  club soda - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. fill with club soda and garnish with a cherry.
vodka cooler - collins glass - 2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz simple syrup -  soda water or ginger ale - special ingredients: orange twist, lemon twist - stir vodka and syrup in collins glass. add ice cubes and fill with soda water or ginger ale. garnish with an orange twist or a lemon twist.
carrol cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
button hook cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz creme de menthe (white) - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz anisette - 1/2 oz brandy - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
bull's eye - highball glass - 1 oz brandy - 2 oz hard cider - ginger ale  - pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. stir.
brantini - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1 oz gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with cracked ice and strain into old-fashioned glass with cubed ice. garnish with a lemon twist
heather's kiss - cocktail glass - 2 1/4 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - 1 oz absinthe - special ingredients: applie slice - shake with ice strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an apple slice.
brandy squirt - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz grenadine -  club soda - special ingredients: pineapple slice, strawberry - shake with ice and strain into highball glass and fill with club soda. garnish with a pineapple slice and a strawberry.
brandy and soda - collins glass - 2 oz brandy -  club soda - pour brandy into collins glass with ice cubes. fill with club soda.
brandy milk punch - collins glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz brandy - 1 oz milk - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and top with nutmeg.
vodka collins - collins glass - 2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup -  soda water - special ingredients: lemon slice, orange slice, cherry - shake vodka, lemon juice, and syrup and strain into ice-filled collins glass. fill with soda water and stir. garnish with a lemon slice, an orange slice, and a cherry. serve with a straw.
brandy crusta cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz maraschino - 1 oz bitters - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - 2 oz brandy - special ingredients: orange slice, lemon twist, sugar - moisten the edge of a cocktail glass with lemon and dip into sugar. place lemon twist in glass. stir above ingredients with ice and strain into sugar-rimmed glass. garnish with an orange slice.
heather blush - champagne flute - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz strawberry liqueur - 3 oz chilled sparkling wine - special ingredients: strawberry - pour scotch and liqueur into chilled champagne flute. top with sparkling wine. garnish with a strawberry.
jack maples - cocktail glass - 2 oz applejack - 1 oz maple syrup (grade b or medium-amber) - 1 oz aromatic bitters - special ingredients: cinnamon stick - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cinnamon stick.
brandy alexander - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz creme de cacao (brown) - 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz heavy cream - shake well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
vodka and tonic - highball glass - 2 oz vodka -  tonic water -  lemon or lime wedge - special ingredients: lemon slice, lime slice - pour vodka into highball glass over ice. add tonic and stir. garnish with a lemon slice or a lime slice.
apricot cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz orange juice - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
alexander cocktail no. 2 - cocktail glass - 1 oz creme de cacao (white) - 1 oz brandy - 1 oz light cream - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. top with nutmeg.
after dinner cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lime slice.
harvest moon - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz lillet blanc - 1/2 oz apple brandy - 1/4 oz green chartreuse - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
red raider - cocktail glass - 1 oz bourbon - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
vodka and apple juice - highball glass - 2 oz vodka -  apple juice - pour vodka into ice-filled highball glass. fill with apple juice and stir.
mint julep (southern style) - collins glass - 5 or 6 springs mint - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz water - 2 1/2 oz bourbon - special ingredients: mint - in silver mug or collins glass, dissolve powdered sugar with water. fill with finely shaved ice and add bourbon. stir until glass is heavily frosted, adding more ice if necessary. (do not hold glass with hand while stirring.) garnish with mint so that the tops are about two inches above the rim of glass. use short straws so that it will be necessary to bury nose in mint, which is intended for scent rather than taste.
limestone - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon -  collins mix -  lime juice - into ice-filled highball glass, pour bourbon, fill glass with collins mix, and add lime juice to taste.
grounds for divorce - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz kirschwasser - 1/4 oz cynar - 1/2 oz amaro - special ingredients: orange twist - stir and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
gentleman's cocktail - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon - 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz creme de menthe -  club soda - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour bourbon, brandy, and creme de menthe over ice into highball glass. add club soda and garnish with a lemon twist.
dixie julep - collins glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 1/2 oz bourbon - special ingredients: mint - put sugar and bourbon into collins glass. fill with crushed ice and stir gently until glass is frosted. garnish with mint. serve with straws.
victory collins - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 2 oz unsweetened grape juice - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: orange slice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled collins glass. garnish with an orange slice.
buddy's favorite - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon - 6 oz cold water - pour ingredients into highball glass. stir and serve without ice.
bourbon on the rocks - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz bourbon - pour bourbon into old-fashioned glass half-filled with ice.
bourbon cobbler - old-fashioned glass - 2 1/2 oz bourbon - 1 oz lemon juice - 2 oz grapefruit juice - 1 1/2 oz almond extract - special ingredients: peach slice - combine all ingredients in mixing glass, pour over ice into old-fashioned glass. garnish with a peach slice.
bourbon and water - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz bourbon - 4 oz water - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour bourbon and water into old-fashioned glass. add ice and garnish with a lemon twist, if desired, and stir.
greenpoint - cocktail glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
yellowjacket - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz pineapple juice - 2 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: lemon slice - shake with old-fashioned glass filled with ice cubes. garnish with a lemon slice.
velvet peach hammer - old-fashioned glass - 1 3/4 oz vodka - 3/4 oz peach schnapps - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz lemon juice - peach slice  - special ingredients: peach slice - pour vodka and schnapps into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. stir and top with syrup and lemon juice. garnish with a peach slice.
grandfather - cocktail glass - 1 oz bourbon whiskey - 1 oz applejack - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz peychaud's bitters - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
goldrush - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz honey syrup - shake and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
sake martini - cocktail glass - 1 oz sake - 3 oz gin - special ingredients: olive - stir with ice, strain into 3-or 4-oz. cocktail glass and garnish with an olive.
godfather - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3/4 oz amaretto - pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir.
jack-in-the-box - cocktail glass - 1 oz applejack - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
saronno - cocktail glass - 1 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 oz five star brandy - 1 oz light cream - shake well with cracked ice. strain and serve in cocktail glass.
saronno colada (nutty colada) - collins glass - 3 oz amaretto di saronno - 3 oz coconut milk - 3 oz crushed pineapple - put in an electric blender with 2 cups of crushed ice and blend at high speed for a short time. pour into a collins glass and serve with a straw.
saronno mist - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - special ingredients: lemon twist, lime slice - serve in an old-fashioned glass over crushed ice. garnish with a lemon twist or a lime slice, if desired.
saronno rose - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - 1/2 oz roses lime juice - 1 oz club soda - pour amaretto di saronno and lime juice over ice in a collins glass and fill with club soda.
gilchrist - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3/4 oz pear brandy - 3/4 oz grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz amaro - 2 oz grapefruit bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
frisco sour - cordial or pony glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz benedictine - special ingredients: lemon slice, lime slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. garnish with a lemon slice and a lime slice.
fratelli cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/4 oz fernet-branca - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
francis the mule - cocktail glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz coffee liqueur - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 2 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
fox river cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1/2 oz dark creme de cacao - 4 oz angostura bitters - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
flying scotchman - cocktail glass - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1/4 oz simple syrup - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
the final ward - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz green chartreuse - 3/4 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
martini - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: olive - stir or shake over ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an olive.
fancy whiskey - cocktail glass - 2 oz bourbon or rye whiskey - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
mandarine sour - sour glass - 2 oz mandarine napoleon liqueur - 1 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: cherry, orange slice - shake with ice and strain into a sour glass. garnish with a cherry and an orange slice.
mandarine mist - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz mandarine napoleon liqueur - special ingredients: orange twist - pack an old-fashioned glass with finely crushed ice. add mandarine napoleon liqueur and garnish with an orange twist. serve with short straws.
underneath the mango tree - collins glass - 1 oz mango-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz peach liqueur - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz ginger ale - special ingredients: sweet chili powder - rim collins glass with lime and sweet chili powder. fill glass with ice. shake next four ingredients with ice. strain into glass. top with ginger ale.
fancy-free cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz orange bitters - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
honeymoon cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz apple brandy - 3/4 oz benedictine - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
twister - collins glass - 2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz lime juice -  lemon-lime soda - special ingredients: lime slice - pour vodka and lime juice into collins glass. add several ice cubes. squeeze lime into glass and add. fill with lemon-lime soda and stir.
everybody's irish cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1 oz green creme de menthe - 1 oz green chartreuse - special ingredients: olive - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an olive.
trident - cocktail glass - 1 oz aquavit or vodka - 1/2 oz cynar - 1 oz dry sherry - 2 oz peach bitters - lemon twist  - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
top baa - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz creme de baa - 2 oz orange juice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
emperor norton's mistress - old-fashioned glass - 3 oz strawberries, cut in halves - 1 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz vanilla liqueur - 1/4 oz triple sec - special ingredients: strawberry - muddle halved strawberries in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients. shake with ice and double-strain into ice-filled oldfashioned glass. garnish with a strawberry.
easterner - cocktail glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz maple syrup - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
toasted drop - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz limoncello - 1/4 oz amaretto - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz egg white - special ingredients: lemon twist - rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and cinnamon sugar. shake ingredients without ice. add ice and shake again. strain into glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
eastern sour - highball glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz orange juice - 1 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 1/4 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: orange slice, lime slice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. garnish with an orange slice and a lime slice.
k. c. b. cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz kummel - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist
easter elchies - cocktail glass - 2 oz single-malt scotch whisky - 1/2 oz cherry heering - 1/2 oz punt e mes - 1 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with brandied cherry.
dufftown flip - brandy snifter - 2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz port - 1/2 oz demerara syrup - 1/2 oz almond milk - 1 oz whole egg - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake without ice. then shake with ice and strain into snifter. top with nutmeg.
harvard cooler - collins glass - 2 oz apple brandy - 1/2 oz simple syrup -  soda water or ginger ale - special ingredients: orange twist, lemon twist - stir brandy and syrup in collins glass. add ice cubes and fill with soda water or ginger ale. garnish with an orange twist or lemon twist.
the duboudreau cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz dubonnet rouge - 1/4 oz fernet-branca - 1/4 oz elderflower liqueur - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
irish whisky - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - 1/4 oz maraschino - 1 oz bitters - 2 oz irish whiskey - special ingredients: olive - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an olive.
dubliner - cocktail glass - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz grand marnier - 2 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a flamed orange twist.
double standard sour - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz rye or bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz gin - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1/4 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: lemon slice, cherry - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon slice and a cherry.
dixie whiskey cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
hill billy highball - highball glass - 2 oz georgia moon corn whiskey -  mountain dew - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour into highball glass over ice cubes, garnish with a lemon twist and stir.
the titian - cocktail glass - 1 oz orange-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz grand marnier - 1 oz passion fruit juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz pomegranate syrup - special ingredients: raspberry - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a raspberry.
tiger tanaka - cocktail glass - 3 oz cilantro leaves - 1 oz slice peeled ginger - 2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz limoncello - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - special ingredients: cilantro, ginger - muddle cilantro and ginger in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients and shake. double-strain into chilled cocktail glass.
grenadine rickey - highball glass - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 1/2 oz grenadine - special ingredients: lime slice - pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with carbonated water. stir. garnish with a lime slice.
thyme collins - collins glass - 2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 1 oz mint syrup - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz thyme sprig - 3 oz bitter lemon soda - special ingredients: thyme - put first four ingredients in mixing glass, add ice, and shake well. strain into ice-filled collins glass. top with bitter lemon soda and stir briefly. garnish with thyme sprigs.
tabby cat - cocktail glass - 2 oz dubonnet rouge - 1 oz orange-flavored vodka - 2 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
god child - champagne flute - 1 oz amaretto di saronno - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz heavy cream - shake well with cracked ice. strain and serve in a champagne glass.
sweet maria - cocktail glass - 1 oz vodka - 1/2 oz amaretto - 1/2 oz half-and-half - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
dirty harry - cocktail glass - 1 oz absinthe - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - special ingredients: cherry - swirl absinthe in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess absinthe. stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. garnish with a cherry.
harvard cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz angostura bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
gin and milk punch - collins glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz gin - 1 oz milk - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and top with nutmeg.
surf rider - highball glass - 2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 2 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - special ingredients: orange slice, cherry - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. garnish with an orange slice and a cherry.
dinah cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: mint - shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with mint.
tea saronno - red-wine glass - 6 oz hot tea - 1 1/2 oz amaretto di saronno - special ingredients: whipped cream - pour hot tea into a stemmed glass, using a spoon in glass to prevent cracking. add amaretto di saronno but do not stir. top with chilled whipped cream.
the summer of love - cocktail glass - 2 oz orange-flavored vodka - 2 oz rose water - 1 oz lillet blanc - 1/4 oz black raspberry liqueur - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
devil's soul - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz mezcal - 1/2 oz amaro - 1/4 oz aperol - 1/4 oz elderflower liqueur - special ingredients: flamed orange twist - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a flamed orange twist.
deshler - champagne flute - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz dubonnet rouge - 1/4 oz triple sec - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute. garnish with a lemon twist.
t.n.t. no. 1 - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
stupid cupid - cocktail glass - 2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz sloe gin - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
derby - cocktail glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/4 oz benedictine - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
stockholm 75 - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 3 oz chilled champagne - rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. shake vodka, syrup, and lemon juice with ice. strain into glass. fill with champagne
the delmarva cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1/2 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: mint - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with mint.
sputnik - red-wine glass - 1 1/4 oz vodka - 1 1/4 oz peach schnapps - 3 oz orange juice - 3 oz half-and-half - special ingredients: peach slice - shake with ice until frothy and pour into red-wine glass. garnish with a peach slice.
gotham - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - 3 oz brandy - 3 oz peach bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour absinthe into chilled old-fashioned glass and swirl to coat. shake brandy and bitters with ice and strain into glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
de la louisiane - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz benedictine - 3 oz absinthe or pastis - 3 oz peychaud's bitters - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
the debonair - cocktail glass - 2 1/2 oz single-malt scotch whisky - 1 oz ginger liqueur - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
soviet - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz amontillado sherry - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
daisy dueller - highball glass - 2 oz tennessee whiskey - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz triple sec - soda water  - special ingredients: orange slice, lemon slice - shake first four ingredients with ice. strain into chilled highball glass. add ice and fill with soda. garnish with an orange slice and a lemon slice.
sonic blaster - collins glass - 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz creme de baa - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz cranberry juice - special ingredients: orange slice, lime slice - shake and pour into ice-filled collins glass. garnish with an orange slice and a lime slice.
creole lady - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz madeira - 1 oz grenadine - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
rum coooler - collins glass - 1/2 tsp powdered sugar - 2 oz carbonated water - 1 oz rum -  ginger ale - special ingredients: orange twist, lemon twist - in collins glass, dissolve powdered sugar in carbonated water. stir. fill glass with ice and add rum. fill with carbonated water or ginger ale and stir again. garnish with an orange twist or a lemon twist.
siberian sleighride - brandy snifter - 1 1/4 oz vodka - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 3 oz half-and-half - special ingredients: chocolate shavings - shake with ice and strain into chilled snifter. sprinkle with chocolate shavings.
cotton club flip - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz vanilla-infused bourbon - 1/2 oz honey-currant syrup - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1 oz egg white - 2 oz rhubarb bitters - special ingredients: cotton candy - shake first four ingredients without ice. add ice and shake again. strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. top with bitters. garnish with cotton candy.
golden dawn - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz apple brandy - 1/2 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz grenadine - shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled oldfashioned glass. add grenadine.
sidecar - cocktail glass - 1 oz cognac - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1 oz madeira - 1/2 oz orange juice - shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
shalom - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1 oz madeira - 1/2 oz orange juice and orange wheel - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: orange slice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with an orange slice.
commodore cocktail - champagne flute - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute.
sea breeze - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 4 oz cranberry juice - 1 oz grapefruit juice - special ingredients: lime slice - pour into ice-filled highball glass. garnish with a lime slice.
screwdriver - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 5 oz orange juice - pour into ice-filled highball glass. stir well.
coffee old-fashioned - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz cold brewed coffee - 2 oz soda water - special ingredients: orange slice, cherry - pour bourbon, syrup, bitters, and coffee into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. add soda water and stir again. garnish with an orange slice and a cherry.
dry martini - cocktail glass - 1 2/3 oz gin - 1/3 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: olive - stir or shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.  garnish with an olive.
salty dog - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 5 oz grapefruit juice - special ingredients: salt - rim highball glass with lemon and salt. fill with ice. add vodka and grapefruit juice and stir.
dr. cook - red-wine glass - 3/4 oz gin - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino - 1 oz egg white - shake with ice and strain into wine glass.
dillatini cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: dilly bean - serve with a dilly bean.
chi-town flip - collins glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz tawny port - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 3/4 oz vanilla liqueur and 3 oz - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz whole egg - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake first six ingredients without ice. add ice and shake again. strain into ice-filled collins glass. add bitters and top with nutmeg.
chef's pain - cocktail glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz blackberry liqueur - 1/2 oz b & b - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
sampan shipwreck a - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz orange liqueur - 1/2 oz canned coconut milk - 1/2 oz cold brewed chai tea - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup - special ingredients: pineapple slice - shake well with ice. double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a pineapple slice.
chas - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/4 oz amaretto - 1/4 oz benedictine - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz orange curacao - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
goat's delight - cocktail glass - 1 oz brandy - 1 1/2 oz kirschwasser - 1/4 oz half-and-half - 1 oz orgeat or almond syrup - 1 oz absinthe or pastis - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
russian bear cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz vodka - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz half-and-half - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
character development - cocktail glass - 2 oz scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz coconut liqueur - 1/2 oz dry sherry - 2 oz grapefruit bitters - grapefruit twist  - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
ruby red - cocktail glass - 2 oz grapefruit-flavored vodka - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 1/2 oz ruby red grapefruit juice - 1 oz orange juice - grapefruit twist  - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
chaplin - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz dry sherry - 3/4 oz ramazzotti amaro - 1 oz triple sec - 2 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
rouxby red - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz grapefruit-flavored vodka - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 3/4 oz grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz campari - 1/2 oz simple syrup - rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and salt. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
rosemary clementine sparkle - cocktail glass - 1/4 oz clementine or mandarin orange - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 3/4 oz honey syrup - 1 oz rosemary sprig - 1 oz chilled sparkling wine or champagne - special ingredients: rosemary - squeeze clementine into mixing glass. twist rind and add to glass. add vodka, lemon juice, syrup, and rosemary sprig. add ice and shake. strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with sparkling wine or champagne. garnish with rosemary sprig.
chapel hill - cocktail glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: orange twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a orange twist.
robin's nest - cocktail glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz cranberry juice - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
chancellor cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz tawny port - 1 oz peychaud's bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
cafe di saronno - beer mug - 1 oz amaretto di saronno -  hot black coffee - special ingredients: whipped cream - add 1 oz. amaretto di saronno to a cup of black coffee. top with whipped cream.
carre reprise - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz cognac - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz elderflower liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz peychaud's bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice. strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
gilroy cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
redhead martini - cocktail glass - 4 oz strawberries - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 1/2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 1 oz chilled moscato d'asti or sweet sparkling wine - special ingredients: strawberry - muddle halved strawberries in mixing glass with lemon juice and syrup. add vodka and ice and shake well. strain into chilled cocktail glass. add sparkling wine. garnish with a strawberry.
red apple - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1 oz apple juice - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
canal street daisy - collins glass - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz orange juice - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz soda water - 1 oz  - special ingredients: orange slice - add scotch and juices to ice-filled collins glass and stir. fill with soda water and stir again. garnish with an orange slice.
canadian cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
purple ruby - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1 1/2 oz pomegranate juice - 1/2 oz grapefruit juice - 1/4 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz honey syrup - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
canadian cherry - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz orange juice - moisten rim of old-fashioned glass with maraschino liqueur. fill with ice. shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
orange smile - red-wine glass - 1 oz egg - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into stem goblet.
purple passion iced tea - highball glass - 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz black raspberry liqueur - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz lemon juice and 3 oz - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour ingredients into ice-filled highball glass in order listed and stir. garnish with a lemon twist.
canadian breeze - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz  - special ingredients: pineapple slice, cherry - shake with ice. strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a pineapple slice and a cherry.
purple passion - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 2 oz grapefruit juice - 2 oz concord grape juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - shake with ice. pour with ice into collins glass.
cameron's kick cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz blended scotch whiskey - 3/4 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz orange bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
georgia mint julep - collins glass - 2 oz mint sprigs - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1 oz peach-flavored brandy - special ingredients: mint - muddle mint and syrup in collins glass. fill with ice. add brandy and peach-flavored brandy. stir and garnish with mint.
california lemonade - collins glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1 oz soda water - special ingredients: orange slice, lemon slice, cherry - shake first five ingredients with ice. strain into shaved ice-filled collins glass. fill with soda water and garnish with an orange slice, a lemon slice, and a cherry. serve with straws.
boston side car - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz five star brandy - 3/4 oz rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz lime juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
cablegram - highball glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz ginger ale - stir first three ingredients in ice-filled highball glass. fill with ginger ale.
bull and bear - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz orange curacao - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - special ingredients: cherry, orange slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry and an orange slice.
brooklyn - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz rye or bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz amer picon or torani amer - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
brighton punch - collins glass - 3/4 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz brandy - 3/4 oz benedictine - 2 oz orange juice - 1 oz lemon juice -  soda water - special ingredients: orange slice, lemon slice - shake first five ingredients with ice and pour with ice into collins glass. fill with soda water and stir gently. garnish with an orange slice and a lemon slice and serve with a straw.
bourbon renewal - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz creme de cassis - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - shake with ice. strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
bourbon highball - highball glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey -  ginger ale or soda water - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour whiskey into ice-filled highball glass. fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. garnish with a lemon twist.
bourbon and elder - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz elderflower liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
bourbon crusta - cocktail glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz lemon juice - 2 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: sugar - rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. curl the zest spiral in glass. stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
bourbon cooler - old-fashioned glass - 2 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz orgeat syrup - special ingredients: peach slice - shake with ice in mixing glass. pour with ice into old-fashioned glass. garnish with a peach slice.
froupe cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz benedictine - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
bourbon a la creme - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1 oz dark creme de cacao - 1/2 oz vanilla liqueur - stir ingredients with ice. strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
the bone - shot glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 3 oz hot red pepper sauce - shake with ice and strain into chilled shot glass.
bobby burns cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz benedictine - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
bloody scotsman - old-fashioned glass - 24 oz smoky scotch whisky - 24 oz tomato juice - 24 oz v8 cocktail juice - 1c ketchup - 3 oz lime juice - 3 oz simple syrup - mix ingredients together, stirring often, in a large container, adding salt to taste. chill for at least 24 hours before serving. serve in ice-filled old-fashioned glasses.
white cargo cocktail - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz vanilla ice cream - 1 oz gin - shake until thoroughly mixed and add water or sauterne if the mixture if too thick. serve in an old-fashioned glass.
blood and sand - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz orange juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
the blinker - cocktail glass - 2 oz straight rye whisky - 1 1/2 oz grapefruit juice - 1 oz raspberry syrup - special ingredients: grapefruit twist, raspberry - shake and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist or a raspberry.
pike's peak cooler - collins glass -  cider - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz whole egg - special ingredients: orange twist, lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into collins glass with cracked ice. fill with cider and stir. garnish with an orange twist or lemon twist.
blarney stone cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz anisette - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: orange twist, olive - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist and olive.
pacman - collins glass - 2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz bitters -  ginger ale - special ingredients: orange slice - add grenadine, lemon juice, and bitters to collins filled with ice. top with ginger ale. garnish with an orange slice and slide down side of glass.
lemonade (golden) - collins glass - 1 oz lemon juice - 2 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg yolk - 6 oz water - special ingredients: orange slice, lemon slice, cherry - shake with ice and strain into collins glass. garnish with an orange slice, a lemon slice, and a cherry.
black hawk - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz sloe gin - 1 oz maraschino cherry - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
lemonade (egg) - collins glass - 1 oz lemon juice - 2 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz whole egg - shake and strain into collins glass over ice cubes. add enough water to fill glass. serve with straws.
bensonhurst - cocktail glass - 1 oz cynar - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - swirl cynar in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess cynar. stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
chocolate daisy - beer mug - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz grenadine - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1 1/2 oz port - special ingredients: seasonal fruit - shake with ice and strain into stein or metal cup. add ice cubes and decorate with seasonal fruit
the beautiful day - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/4 oz irish whiskey - 3/4 oz rhubarb syrup - 2 oz cold brewed green tea -  edible flowers - special ingredients: edible flowers - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with edible flowers.
french quarter - cocktail glass - 2 oz brandy - 3/4 oz lillet blanc - special ingredients: lemon slice - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon slice.
creme de gin cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1 oz egg white - 2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz orange juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
creamy screwdriver - collins glass - 2 oz vodka - 1 oz egg yolk - 6 oz orange juice - 1 oz sugar - combine all ingredients with a half-cup of crushed ice in an electric blender. blend at low speed and pour into collins glass.
creamy orange - cocktail glass - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz cream sherry - 3/4 oz brandy - 1 oz light cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
creamsicle - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz vanilla liqueur - 1 1/2 oz milk - 3 oz orange juice - fill a tall glass with ice, add the above ingredients, and stir.
cowboy cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blended whiskey - 1 oz light cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
beals cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
coronation cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz gin - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
cornell cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino - 1 oz egg white - 1 1/2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
combo - old-fashioned glass - 2 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz brandy - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz bitters - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
basin street - cocktail glass - 2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz lemon juice - shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
cole's raspberry cream - champagne flute - 1 1/2 oz raspberry yogurt - 1 1/2 oz raspberry ice cream - 1 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 2 oz heavy cream - shake or blend.
cognac coupling - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz cognac - 1 oz tawny port - 1/2 oz anis - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
coffee sour - sour glass - 1 1/2 oz coffee-flavored brandy - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1/2 oz egg white - shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
coffee flip - sour glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz brandy - 1 oz port - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. top with nutmeg.
coffee cocktail - sour glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz port - 1 oz brandy - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. top with nutmeg.
purple mask - cocktail glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz concord grape juice - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
clove cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz sloe gin - 1/2 oz muscatel wine - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
clover leaf cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz lime juice - 2 oz grenadine - 1 oz egg white - 1 1/2 oz gin - special ingredients: mint - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with mint.
clover club cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz lemon juice - 2 oz grenadine - 1 oz egg white - 1 1/2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
priority cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz calvados - 1/2 oz coffee liqueur - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. add lemon twist.
clamato cocktail - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1 oz clam juice - 3 oz tomato juice - shake with ice, strain, and serve over ice cubes in old-fashioned glass.
cider eggnog - collins glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1/2 oz milk - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into collins glass. then fill the glass with cider and stir. top with nutmeg.
chocolate soldier - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
chocolate flip - sour glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz brandy - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. top with nutmeg .
chocolate cocktail - sour glass - 1 1/2 oz port - 1 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1 oz egg yolk - 1 oz powdered sugar - shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
chicago fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz port - 1 oz light rum - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
pretty in pink - collins glass - 2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz cranberry juice - 3/4 oz creme de noyaux - 3/4 oz lemon juice - soda water  - shake first four ingredients and strain into ice-filled collins glass. top with soda water.
cherry wine cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz danish cherry wine - 3/4 oz vodka - 1/2 oz lime juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
cherry flip - sour glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. top with nutmeg.
cherry cooler - collins glass - 2 oz cherry vodka -  cola - special ingredients: lemon slice - pour cherry vodka into collins glass over ice cubes. fill with cola, garnish with a lemon slice, and stir.
polynesian cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz lime juice - rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and sugar. shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
chateau briand's rum cow - collins glass - 1 1/4 oz dark rum - 1 oz sugar - 2 oz bitters - 3/4 oz milk - blend and strain into a collins glass.
champagne velvet - champagne flute - 5 oz chilled stout - 5 oz chilled champagne - pour very carefully, in order given, into champagne flute so that the stout and champagne don't mix.
pink pussycat - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 2 oz pineapple or grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - pour ingredients into ice-filled highball glass and stir.
back porch swizzle - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz ginger beer - green chartreuse  - special ingredients: mint - pour first four ingredients in crushed ice-filled highball glass. with barspoon between your palms, move hands back and forth and up and down to quickly rotate and lift spoon, until glass is frosted. top with chartreuse, and garnish with mint.
canadian pineapple - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino - special ingredients: pineapple slice - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. garnish with a pineapple slice.
calm voyage - champagne flute - 1/2 oz strega - 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz passion fruit syrup - 2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz egg white - put all ingredients in blender with half a cup of crushed ice. blend at low speed and pour into champagne flute.
pink lemonade - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz cranberry juice - special ingredients: lemon slice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled collins glass. garnish with a lemon slice.
caledonia - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz creme de cacao (brown) - 1 oz brandy - 1 oz milk - 1 oz egg yolk - special ingredients: cinnamon - shake well with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. top with cinnamon.
caf_ di amaretto - beer mug - 1 oz hot black coffee - 1 oz amaretto - special ingredients: whipped cream - add 1 oz. amaretto to a cup of black coffee. top with whipped cream.
cafe de paris cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz anis - 1 oz light cream - 1 1/2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
aztec's mark - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz benedictine - 2 oz hot red pepper sauce - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
fontainebleau special - cocktail glass - 1 oz brandy - 1 oz anisette - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
suntan - highball glass - 2 oz hot shot tropical fruit liqueur - 2 oz orange juice - pour over ice in a highball glass. fill with club soda.
sunburn - highball glass - 2 oz hot shot tropical fruit liqueur - 2 oz grapefruit juice - pour over ice in a highball glass. fill with club soda. add a dash of grenadine for color.
suissesse cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz anisette - 1 oz egg white - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
strawberry sunries - highball glass - 2 oz strawberry schnapps - 1/2 oz grenadine - special ingredients: strawberry - pour over ice in a highball glass. fill with orange juice. garnish with a strawberry
autumn leaves - old-fashioned glass - 3/4 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz apple brandy - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz strega - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with an orange twist.
pickled pink - cocktail glass - 2 oz vodka - 1 oz aquavit - 1/2 oz dill pickle brine - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: dill - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with dill.
aquarius - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1 oz cranberry juice - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice.
soul kiss cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz orange juice - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz bourbon - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
pickled martini - cocktail glass - 2 oz vodka - 1/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz sweet pickle brine - special ingredients: pickle - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a pickle.
sloe gin flip - sour glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz sloe gin - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. top with nutmeg.
angel's share - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 1/2 oz amaro - 1/4 oz creme de cassis - 1 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
silver stallion fizz - highball glass - 1 oz vanilla ice cream - 2 oz gin -  carbonated water - shake gin and ice cream with ice and strain into highball glass. fill with carbonated water and stir.
silver king cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg white - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz orange bitters - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
american trilogy - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz brown sugar cube - 1 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz applejack - special ingredients: orange twist - muddle sugar cube in mixer glass. add whiskey, applejack, and ice. stir and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. garnish with an orange twist.
silver fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz gin - 1 oz egg white - carbonated water  - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes.
sherry twist cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz cream sherry - 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: orange twist, cinnamon - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. top with cinnamon and garnish with an orange twist.
sherry sangaree - old-fashioned glass - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz water - 2 oz cream sherry -  carbonated water - 1 oz port - in an old-fashioned glass, dissolve powdered sugar in water, add sherry, and stir. add ice cubes and a splash of carbonated water, leaving enough room on which to float port. add port. sprinkle lightly with nutmeg.
sherry milk punch - collins glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz cream sherry - 16 milk  - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and top with nutmeg.
petit zinc - cocktail glass - 1 oz vodka - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz orange juice - orange wedge  - special ingredients: orange slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange slice.
sherry flip - sour glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz cream sherry - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. top with nutmeg.
sherry-and-egg cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz cream sherry - special ingredients: egg yolk - place an egg in a cocktail glass, being careful not to break the yolk. add 2 oz. cream sherry.
americana - collins glass - 1 oz tennessee whiskey - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters -  chilled american sparkling wine - special ingredients: peach slice - stir first three ingredients in ice-filled collins glass. fill with sparkling wine. garnish with a peach slice.
allegheny - cocktail glass - 1 oz bourbon whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz blackberry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
sevilla cocktail - sour glass - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz port - 1 oz light rum - shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
september morn cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
peach iced tea - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz peach-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz orange curacao - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz honey syrup - 2 oz iced tea - special ingredients: peach slice, lemon slice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled collins glass. garnish with a peach slice and a lemon slice.
fantasio cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz brandy - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz white creme de menthe - 1 oz maraschino liqueur - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
scotch bird flyer - champagne flute - 1 1/2 oz scotch - 1 oz egg yolk - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz light cream - shake with ice and strain into champagne flute.
algonquin - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz pineapple juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
savannah - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz orange juice - 1 oz gin - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz egg white - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
pink rose fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg white - 2 oz light cream - 2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
ninotchka cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
prairie oyster - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz brandy - 1 oz worcestershire sauce - 1 oz catsup - 1 oz vinegar - 1 oz pepper - special ingredients: egg yolk, cayenne pepper - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over two ice cubes.  top with unbroken egg yolk. add a dash of cayenne pepper.
prairie chicken - red-wine glass - 1 oz gin - special ingredients: egg yolk, pepper, salt - open egg without breaking the yolk and put in wine glass. top with gin. add pepper and salt.
pousse l'amour - sherry glass - 1 oz maraschino - 1 oz egg yolk - 1/2 oz benedictine - 1/2 oz brandy - pour carefully, in order given, into 2-oz. sherry glass, so that each ingredient floats on preceding one
puerto apple - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz applejack - 3/4 oz light rum - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz orgeat syrup - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. garnish with a lime slice.
akogare - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz ginger syrup - 3/4 oz cold brewed black tea, preferably japanese - 3/4 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: orange twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
prado - sour glass - 1 1/2 oz tequila - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino - 1/2 oz egg white - 1 oz grenadine - special ingredients: lime slice, cherry - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. garnish with a lime slice and a cherry.
port wine flip - sour glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz port - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. top with nutmeg.
port wine cobbler - red-wine glass - 1 tsp powdered sugar - 2 oz carbonated water -  shaved ice - 3 oz port - special ingredients: seasonal fruit - dissolve 1 teaspoon powdered sugar in 2 oz. carbonated water; then fill goblet with shaved ice and add 3 oz. port. stir and garnish with seasonal fruit. serve with straws.
nijinksy blini - champagne flute - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz peach schnapps - 1 oz peach puree - 1/4 oz lemon juice - chilled champagne  - shake first four ingredients with ice. strain into chilled champagne flute and top with champagne.
affinity cocktail (whisky) - cocktail glass - 1 oz blended scotch whiskey - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 3 oz orange bitters - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
plain vermouth cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
ping-pong cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz egg white - 2 oz sloe gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
moscow mule - beer mug - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz lime juice -  ginger beer - special ingredients: lime slice - pour vodka and lime juice into copper moscow mule mug or standard beer mug. add ice cubes and fill with ginger beer. squeeze lime slice and add to glass.
phoebe snow - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz anis - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
affinity cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 2 oz orange bitters - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
peggy cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/4 oz anis - 1/4 oz dubonnet - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
peach blow fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz light cream - 2 oz gin - 1/4 oz peach - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
peach blossom - highball glass - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz gin - 1/2 oz peach - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
passion mimosa - champagne flute - 2 oz chilled passion fruit juice -  chilled champagne - special ingredients: strawberry - pour chilled juice into champagne flute, fill with chilled champagne. garnish with a strawberry.
mocha express - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz irish cream liqueur - 3/4 oz coffee liqueur - 3/4 oz cold brewed espresso coffee - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
palmer cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz blended whiskey - 1 oz bitters - 1/2 oz lemon juice - stir with ice and strain in cocktail glass.
mr. 404 - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz elderflower liqueur - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz aperol - special ingredients: orange twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
mountain cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg white - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz blended whiskey - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
morning glory fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg white - 1/2 oz anis - 2 oz scotch - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
adderly cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz straight rye whiskey - 3/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 2 oz orange bitters - 3/4 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: flamed orange twist - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a flamed orange twist.
fancy brandy - cocktail glass - 2 oz brandy - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
montreal gin sour - sour glass - 1 oz gin - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz egg white - 1 oz powdered sugar - special ingredients: lemon slice - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. garnish with a lemon slice.
montezuma - champagne flute - 1 1/2 oz tequila - 1 oz madeira - 1 oz egg yolk - 1/2 oz crushed ice - mix in blender at low speed and serve in champagne flute.
miss jones - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vanilla-flavored vodka - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz butterscotch schnapps - 1/2 oz limoncello - special ingredients: star anise - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with star anise.
mint gin cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz mint-flavored gin - 1 oz white port wine - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
mint collins - collins glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz mint-flavored gin - special ingredients: lemon slice, orange slice, cherry - shake with ice and strain into collins glass. add several ice cubes, fill with carbonated water, and stir. garnish with a lemon slice, an orange slice, and a cherry. serve with straws.
million-dollar cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz egg white - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
millionaire cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg white - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 1/2 oz blended whiskey - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
academic review - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz applejack - 1/2 oz amaro nonino - 1/2 oz rye whiskey - 1/4 oz demerara syrup - 2 oz mole bitters 1 oz - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with an orange twist.
milk punch - collins glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz blended whiskey - 1 oz milk - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into collins glass. top with nutmeg.
merry widow fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz sloe gin - shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
may blossom fizz - highball glass - 1 oz grenadine - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz swedish punch - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
mary garden cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
19th century - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz lillet rouge - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
manila fizz - highball glass - 2 oz gin - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz root beer - 1/2 oz lime juice - lemon shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes.
1626 - cocktail glass - 2 1/2 oz bourbon whiskey - 3/4 oz gingerbread liqueur - 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: cherry - shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
maracuya mosquito - collins glass - 4 oz basil leaves - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz green chartreuse - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz passion fruit juice - special ingredients: basil - muddle 4 basil leaves in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients. shake with ice. double-strain through wire sieve into crushed ice-filled collins glass. garnish with a basil leaf.
madras - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 4 oz cranberry juice - 1 oz orange juice -  lime wedge - special ingredients: lime slice - build in order given into ice-filled highball glass. squeeze lime and add.
absinthe cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - 2 oz water - 1 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz orange bitters - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
lychee lucy - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz lychee liqueur - 1/2 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lychee - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with lychee.
vodka martini - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: olive - stir or shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an olive.
the loop - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz black cherry-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz chile syrup - special ingredients: chocolate shavings - shake ingredients with ice. pour into chilled old-fashioned glass. top with chocolate shavings.
long island iced tea - highball glass - 3/4 oz vodka - 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz gin - 3/4 oz light rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz simple syrup, 1/2 oz - special ingredients: lemon slice - shake ingredients, except cola, with ice and pour with ice into highball glass. add cola for color. garnish with a lemon slice.
fallen leaves - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz calvados - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz brandy - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
l'italienne - cocktail glass - 2 oz vodka - 1/4 oz lillet blanc - 1/4 oz ramazzotti amaro - 1 oz orange bitters - stir and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
rum dubonnet - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
ruby fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz sloe gin - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
limoncello manzanilla marmalade sour - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz limoncello - 3/4 oz manzanilla sherry - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz grapefruit marmalade - special ingredients: orange twist - shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
royal purple punch - punch cup - 2 bottles red wine -  ginger ale - pour two bottles (750-ml size) claret or red wine and two large bottles ginger ale over ice cubes in punch bowl. stir well. top with lemon slices studded with cloves. serve in punch glasses.
royal gin fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz gin - 1 oz whole egg - shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
royal cocktail - sour glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
royal clover club cocktail - sour glass - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz egg yolk - 1 1/2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
lights on the plaza - cocktail glass - 2 cucumber slices, chopped - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 1/2 oz acai berry flavored vodka - 1/2 oz black raspberry liqueur - 1 oz sparkling wine - special ingredients: raspberry, cucumber - muddle cucumbers, lemon juice, and syrup in mixing glass. add vodka, raspberry liqueur, and ice and shake. double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with sparkling wine. garnish with a raspberry-cucumber skewer.
rococo - cocktail glass - 1 oz cherry vodka - 1 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
rock & rye cooler - collins glass - 1 oz rock and rye - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1 oz lime juice -  bitter lemon soda - shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice.
rock & rye cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz rock and rye - 1 oz white port wine - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
le paradini - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz raspberry-flavored liqueur - 1/2 oz grand marnier - 1 oz chilled champagne - shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with champagne.
red swizzle - collins glass - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz carbonated water - 2 oz gin - 2 oz bitters - 1 oz grenadine - combine first four ingredients in ice-filled collins glass. with bar spoon between your palms, move hands back and forth and up and down to quickly rotate and lift spoon, until glass is frosted. top with soda water and add one tablespoon of grenadine. if desired, rum, brandy, or whiskey may be substituted for the gin.
lemon drop - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz lemon-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: lemon slice - rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. shake ingredients with ice. strain into glass. squeeze lemon slice and add.
rebel charge - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz bourbon - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz egg white - special ingredients: orange slice - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. garnish with an orange slice.
rattlesnake cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blended whiskey - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1/4 oz anis - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
ramos fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz gin - 1 oz light cream - 1/2 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
san francisco - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz bitters - 1 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
sand-martini cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz green chartreuse - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz sake - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
sake martini (sakini) - cocktail glass - 1 oz sake - 3 oz gin - special ingredients: olive - stir with ice, strain into 3- or 4-oz. cocktail glass and garnish with an olive.
lemon crush - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz crema di limoncello - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz lemon juice - rim chilled cocktail glass with lemon and sugar. shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
rye whiskey cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz bitters - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz rye whiskey - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
leaves of grass - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz aquavit - 1/2 oz old tom gin - 1/2 oz demerara syrup - 2 oz orange bitters - 1 oz absinthe - special ingredients: celery - stir with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a celery stick.
widow's dream - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz benedictine - 1 oz whole egg - special ingredients: sweet cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. top with one teaspoon of sweet cream.
whiskey flip - sour glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz blended whiskey - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. top with nutmeg.
l.a. sunrise - hurricane glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz creme de baa - 2 oz orange juice - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz dark rum - special ingredients: lime slice, cherry - shake first four ingredients with ice. strain into ice-filled hurricane or parfait glass. top with rum. garnish with a lime slice and a cherry.
white rose cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz gin - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz maraschino - 1 oz egg white - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
white plush - collins glass - 2 oz blended whiskey - 1 oz milk - 1 oz powdered sugar - shake with ice and strain into collins glass.
white elephant - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz egg white - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
whiskey toddy (cold) - beer mug - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz water - 2 oz blended whiskey - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir sugar and water in a mug. add ice cubes and whiskey, and stir. garnish with a lemon twist.
kretchma cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
whiskey skin - punch cup - 1 lump of sugar -  boiling water - 2 oz blended whiskey - special ingredients: lemon twist - put lump of sugar into hot punch cup and fill two-thirds with boiling water. add 2 oz. blended whiskey. stir, then garnish with a lemon twist.
whiskey milk punch - collins glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz blended whiskey - 8 milk  - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice, strain into collins glass, and top with nutmeg.
katana - cocktail glass - 3 oz cucumber slices - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz sake - 3/4 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: cucumber - muddle 3 cucumber slices in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients. shake with ice. double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cucumber slice.
ethel duffy cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz white creme de menthe - 3/4 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
daiquiri - cocktail glass - 2 oz light rum - 3/4 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
wembley cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/4 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz apple brandy - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
weep-no-more cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz brandy - 1/4 oz maraschino - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
jungle juice - collins glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz light rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz each cranberry juice, orange juice, pineapple juice, lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: orange slice, cherry - shake with ice and pour with ice into ice-filled collins glass. garnish with an orange slice and a cherry.
wedding belle cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz orange juice - 1 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz gin - 3/4 oz dubonnet - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
waterloo - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz light rum - 3 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz mandarine napoleon liqueur - pour rum and orange juice over ice in an old-fashioned glass. stir. top with mandarine napoleon.
waterbury cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz egg white - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
washington cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz brandy - 2 oz bitters - 1/2 oz sugar syrup - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
the jamaican ten speed - cocktail glass - 1 oz vodka - 3/4 oz melon liqueur - 1/4 oz creme de baa - 1/4 oz coconut-flavored rum - 1/2 oz half-and-half - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
twin six cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz egg white - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
jackie-o - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz each citrus-flavored vodka and orange-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz creme de cassis - 1 oz apricot nectar - 1/2 oz each lemon juice and cranberry juice -  chilled champagne - special ingredients: orange slice, lime slice, sugar - rim chilled large cocktail glass with lime wedge and pink sugar. shake first six ingredients with ice and strain into glass. top with champagne. garnish with an orange slice and a lime slice.
tropical heart - irish coffee glass - 1 oz hot shot tropical fruit liqueur -  hot apple cider - special ingredients: cinnamon stick - pour ingredients into irish coffee cup and stir. garnish with a cinnamon stick.
trois rivieres - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz canadian whisky - 1 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - special ingredients: orange twist - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. garnish with an orange twist
tovarich cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz kummel - 1/2 oz lime juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
italian screwdriver - hurricane glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 3 oz orange juice - 2 oz grapefruit juice - 1 oz ginger ale - special ingredients: lime slice - rim hurricane glass with lime wedge and sugar; fill with ice. shake remaining ingredients with ice. strain into glass. garnish with a lime slice.
t.n.t. cocktail no. 2 - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz tequila -  tonic - mix with ice in an old-fashioned glass.
t.n.t. cocktail no. 1 - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blended whiskey - 1 1/2 oz anis - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
ibiza - cocktail glass - 1 oz orange-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz campari - 1 oz grapefruit juice - 1 oz pomegranate molasses - 1 oz peach schnapps - 1 oz apple schnapps - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
thunder - cocktail glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg yolk - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1 oz cayenne pepper - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
huntsman cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz jamaica rum - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
tequila fizz - collins glass - 2 oz tequila - 3/4 oz grenadine - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz egg white - shake well with ice and strain into collins glass over ice cubes. fill with ginger ale and stir.
humpty dumpty - cocktail glass - 2 oz vodka - 1 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz galliano - 1 oz whole egg - 3 oz peychaud's bitters - shake without ice. shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
tequila cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz tequila - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 4 oz grenadine - 1 oz egg white - special ingredients: lemon slice - shake ingredients with crushed ice and strain into a cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon slice.
temptation cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blended whiskey - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz anis - 1/2 oz dubonnet - special ingredients: lemon twist, orange twist - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist and an orange twist.
tchoupitolas street guzzle - highball glass - 1 oz light rum -  ginger beer - pour rum into highball glass over ice cubes. add ginger beer.
tahitian tea - highball glass - 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz hot shot tropical fruit liqueur - 1 oz 7-up - 1 oz each cranberry juice and orange juice - in a highball glass, mix 1/2 oz. each of gin, light rum, vodka, and hot shot tropical fruit liqueur. add 1 oz. each of 7-up, cranberry juice, and orange juice. stir.
limey - champagne flute - 1 oz light rum - 1 oz lime liqueur - 1/2 oz triple sec - 2 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime twist - combine ingredients and a half-cup of crushed ice in an electric blender. blend at low speed and pour into champagne flute. garnish with a lime twist.
headless horseman - collins glass - 2 oz vodka - 3 oz angostura bitters -  ginger ale - special ingredients: orange slice - pour vodka and bitters into collins glass. add ice, fill with ginger ale, and stir. garnish with an orange slice.
love cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz sloe gin - 1 oz egg white - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz raspberry juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
los angeles cocktail - sour glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz whole egg - 1/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz blended whiskey - shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
long island tea - highball glass - 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz tequila - 1/2 oz lemon juice - cola  - special ingredients: lemon slice - combine ingredients and pour over ice in tall glass. add a dash of cola for color. garnish with lemon slice.
harvey wallbanger - collins glass - 1 oz vodka - 4 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz galliano - stir vodka and orange juice in collins glass. add ice and stir again. top with galliano.
lime giant - collins glass - 2 oz lime vodka -  lemon-lime soda - special ingredients: lime slice - put ice cubes in collins glass and add lime vodka. fill with lemon and lime soda. garnish with a lime slice.
lil naue - red-wine glass - 1 oz brandy - 1/2 oz port - 1/2 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg yolk - special ingredients: cinnamon - shake with ice and strain into wine glass. top with cinnamon.
harrington - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz green chartreuse - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
el profesor - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz pisco - 1/2 oz punt e mes - 1/2 oz benedictine - 2 oz aromatic bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
leap year cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/4 oz gin - 1/2 oz orange flavored gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
lasky cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz grape juice - 3/4 oz swedish punch - 3/4 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
lady love fizz - cocktail glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz egg white - 2 oz gin - 2 oz light cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass over two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
handball cooler - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka -  soda water - 1/2 oz orange juice - special ingredients: lime slice - pour vodka into ice-filled highball glass. fill almost to top with soda water. top with orange juice and stir. garnish with a lime slice.
hyatt's jamaican baa - brandy snifter - 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz creme de baa - 2 oz vanilla ice cream - 1 oz half-and-half - 1 oz baa - special ingredients: baa slice, strawberry, nutmeg - blend, then garnish with a baa slice, a strawberry, and nutmeg, and serve in a large brandy snifter.
h.p.w. cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz gin - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
hot shot margarita - cocktail glass - 2 oz tequila - 1 oz hot shot tropical fruit liqueur - 1 1/2 oz lemon or lime juice - special ingredients: salt - rub rim of cocktail glass with rind of lemon or lime, dip rim in salt. shake ingredients with ice and strain into the salt-rimmed glass.
the groupie - old-fashioned glass - 3 oz lemon wedges - 1/2 oz superfine sugar - 2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - ginger beer  - muddle lemons and sugar in mixing glass. add vodka and ice and shake. strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and top with ginger beer.
hot brandy flip - beer mug - 1 whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz brandy - hot milk  - special ingredients: nutmeg - beat egg, sugar, and brandy; pour into mug and fill with hot milk. stir. top with nutmeg.
grape nehi - cocktail glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz raspberry-flavored liqueur - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
hole-in-one cocktai - cocktail glass - 1 3/4 oz scotch - 3/4 oz vermouth - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
grapefruit gimlet royale - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1 oz grapefruit juice - 1/4 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz chilled champagne - shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with champagne.
hair raiser - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz 100-proof vodka - 1/2 oz rock and rye - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
godmother - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz amaretto - combine in ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
green opal - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz anis - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
green hornet (dry) - collins glass - 2 oz lime vodka -  lemon-lime soda - 1 oz powdered sugar - special ingredients: lime slice - pour lime vodka over ice cubes in a collins glass. fill with lemon-lime soda, stir, and garnish with a lime slice.
green fizz - highball glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg white - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz gin - 1 oz green creme de menthe - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two cubes of ice. fill with carbonated water and stir.
godchild - cocktail glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz amaretto - 1 oz heavy cream - shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
grape vodka froth - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1 oz grape juice - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
grapefruit nog - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz grapefruit juice - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz honey - 1 oz whole egg - blend all ingredients with a cup of crushed ice at low speed and pour into collins glass over ice cubes.
golden slipper - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 2 oz apricot-flavored brandy - special ingredients: egg yolk - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. top with an unbroken egg yolk.
golden freindship - collins glass -  amaretto -  sweet vermouth -  light rum - special ingredients: orange twist, cherry - mix equal parts in a collins glass over ice and fill with ginger ale. garnish with an orange twist and a cherry.
golden frappe - collins glass - 1 oz orange juice - 2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz sugar - 1 oz port - stir orange juice, lemon juice, and sugar in collins glass. add crushed ice and port.
glass tower - collins glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz peach schnapps - 1 oz light rum - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz sambuca -  lime soda - special ingredients: orange slice, cherry - pour first five ingredients into collins glass. add ice, then fill with lemon-lime soda and stir. garnish with an orange slice and a cherry.
golden fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz egg yolk - shake with ice and strain into highball glass. fill with carbonated water.
gloom lifter - highball glass - 1 oz blended whiskey - 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz raspberry syrup - 1/2 oz sugar - 1/2 oz egg white - shake with ice and strain into highball glass with ice cubes.
georgia peach - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz peach schnapps - 1 oz grenadine - lemonade  - stir first three ingredients in collins glass. add ice and stir again. fill with lemonade.
georgia mule - collins glass - 1 oz peach - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz peach bitters -  ginger beer - special ingredients: peach slice - muddle 1 peach slice in collins glass. add vodka, lemon juice, and bitters, then stir. fill with ice and ginger beer; stir again. garnish with a peach slice.
gentle ben - collins glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz gin - 1 oz blanco tequila - orange juice  - special ingredients: orange slice, cherry - shake first three ingredients with ice and pour into ice-filled collins glass. fill with orange juice and stir. garnish with an orange slice and a cherry.
east india cocktail no. 1 - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz jamaica rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist, cherry - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist and a cherry.
general harrison's eggnog - collins glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar -  red wine - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into collins glass. fill glass with red wine and stir. top with nutmeg.
gables collins - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1 oz creme de noyaux - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice -  soda water - special ingredients: lemon slice, pineapple slice - shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled collins glass. fill with soda water. garnish with a lemon slice and a pineapple slice.
frozen brandy and rum - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1 oz light rum - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz egg yolk - 1 oz powdered sugar - combine ingredients with a cup of crushed ice in an electric blender and blend at low speed. pour into old-fashioned glass.
frozen apple - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz applejack - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz sugar - 1/2 oz egg white - combine ingredients with a cup of crushed ice in an electric blender and blend at low speed. pour into old-fashioned glass.
frisky witch - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz sambuca - special ingredients: licorice - stir in old-fashioned glass. add ice and stir again. garnish with licorice.
froth blower cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg white - 2 oz gin - 1 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
french martini - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz black raspberry liqueur - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
flatiron martini - cocktail glass - 1 oz splash triple sec - 1 1/2 oz orange-flavored vodka - 1 1/2 oz lillet blanc - special ingredients: orange slice - swirl triple sec in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess triple sec. stir vodka and lillet with ice and strain into glass. garnish with an orange slice.
favourite cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
electric jam - collins glass - 1 1/4 oz vodka - 1/2 oz blue curacao - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz lemon juice -  lime soda - pour first four ingredients into ice-filled collins glass. fill with lemon-lime soda and stir.
fairy belle cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 3/4 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
duke cocktail - champagne flute - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz orange juice - 2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino - 1 oz whole egg -  chilled champagne - add first five ingredients, shake with ice. and strain into champagne flute. fill with chilled champagne and stir.
dreamy dorini smoking martini - cocktail glass - 2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz scotch - 4 oz pastis - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
dubonnet highball - highball glass - 2 oz dubonnet -  ginger ale -  carbonated water - special ingredients: lemon twist - put dubonnet in highball glass with two ice cubes and fill with ginger ale or carbonated water. garnish with a lemon twist, if desired, and stir.
dubonnet fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz orange juice - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 2 oz dubonnet - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
dubonnet cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz gin - 1 oz orange bitters (if desired) - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist
doctor cook - red-wine glass - 3/4 oz gin - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz maraschino - 1 oz egg white - shake with ice and strain into wine glass.
desert sunrise - collins glass - 1 1/4 oz vodka - 1 1/2 oz orange juice - 1 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - pour first three ingredients over crushed ice in collins glass. do not stir. top with grenadine.
dillatini - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: dilly bean - stir or shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a dilly bean.
devil's cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz port - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
derby fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 whole egg - 2 oz scotch - 1 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
cubeltini - cocktail glass - 3 oz cucumber slices - 5 mint leaves - 1 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz vodka - 1 oz lime juice - special ingredients: miny - muddle the cucumber, mint leaves, and syrup. add vodka and lime juice. shake and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with mint.
crocodile cooler - hurricane glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 1 oz melon liqueur - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz lemon juice -  lime soda - special ingredients: pineapple slice, cherry, lime slice - stir first five ingredients in hurricane glass. add ice, fill with lemonlime soda, and stir again. garnish with a pineapple slice and a cherry or a lime slice. serve with a straw.
cosmopolitan - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz cranberry juice - special ingredients: lime slice - shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lime slice.
dream cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz anisette - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
jean lafitte cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz anis - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg yolk - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
japanese fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz blended whiskey - 1 oz port - 1 oz egg white - special ingredients: pineapple slice - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two cubes of ice. fill with carbonated water and stir. garnish with a pineapple slice.
citronella cooler - collins glass - 1 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 1 oz lime juice - 2 oz lemonade - 1 oz cranberry juice - special ingredients: lime slice - stir in collins glass. add ice and stir again. squeeze and add lime.
north pole cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg white - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz maraschino - 1 oz gin - special ingredients: whipped cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. top with whipped cream.
the cinquecento - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz bison grass vodka (zubrowka) - 1/2 oz benedictine - 1/2 oz campari - 3/4 oz grapefruit juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - shake with ice. strain through wire sieve into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
new orleans gin fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg white - 2 oz gin - 1 oz light cream - shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
napoleon - cocktail glass - 2 oz gin - 1/2 oz curacao - 1/2 oz dubonnet - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
zombie - collins glass - 1 oz light rum - 1 oz 151-proof rum - 1 oz light rum - 1 oz each lime juice, lemon juice, pineapple juie, and passion fruit syrup - 2 oz demerara syrup - 1 oz tiki (such as bittermen's 'elemakule) or angostura bitters (optional) - special ingredients: mint - shake with ice and pour into chilled collins glass. garnish with mint.
kiss the boys goodbye - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz brandy - 1/2 oz egg white - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
x.y.z. cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz light rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
k.g.b. cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz kummel - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/4 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 1/4 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist
eye-opener - sour glass - 1 oz egg yolk - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz anis - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 2 oz light rum - shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
wiki waki woo - hurricane glass - 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz 151-proof rum - 1/2 oz each vodka, tequila blanco, triple sec - 1 oz amaretto - 1 oz each orange juice, pineapple juice, cranberry juice - special ingredients: orange slice, cherry - stir all ingredients with ice. pour, with ice, into hurricane or parfait glass. garnish with an orange slice and a cherry.
elk's own cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg white - 1 1/2 oz blended whiskey - 3/4 oz port - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - special ingredients: pineapple slice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a pineapple slice.
eggnog supreme - punch cup - 1 oz medium eggs - 1 oz sugar - 1 1/2 oz whole milk - 1 oz whipped cream - 1 750-ml cognac - special ingredients: nutmeg - separate eggs; beat yolks in large serving bowl, adding sugar while beating. stir in milk and cream. slowly add cognac and refrigerate for 1 hour. before serving, whip egg whites stiff. mix into eggnog, dust with nutmeg.
egg sour - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz brandy - 1/4 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass.
white lion cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz angostura bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
white lily cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz light rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz gin - 1 oz anisette - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
ice cream flip - sour glass - 1 oz whole egg - 1 oz maraschino - 1 oz triple sec - 1 small vanilla ice cream  - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. top with nutmeg.
outrigger - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz peach-flavored brandy - 1 oz lime vodka - 1 oz pineapple juice - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
opera cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz maraschino - 1/2 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz gin - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
virginia dare - cocktail glass - 2 oz ripe pear - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz benedictine - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: pear slice - muddle 1 pear slice in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients. shake with ice and strain through a fine wire sieve into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a pear slice.
opening cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz blended whiskey - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
queen bee - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz lime vodka - 1 oz coffee-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz cream sherry - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
van vleet - old-fashioned glass - 3 oz light rum - 1 oz maple syrup - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
zaza cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz dubonnet - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist
the vacation cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz peeled and chopped ginger - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz each simple syrup, light rum, dark rum - 1 oz mango juice - 1/2 oz each cranberry juice, orange juice, spiced rum - special ingredients: mango slice - muddle ginger, lime juice, and syrup in mixing glass. add all but spiced rum. shake with ice. strain into chilled cocktail glass and top with spiced rum. garnish with a mango slice.
dolores - champagne flute - 1 oz brandy, preferably spanish - 1 oz cherry liqueur - 1 oz white or dark creme de cacao - 1 oz egg white - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake without ice. shake with ice and strain into a chilled champagne flute. top with nutmeg.
vesuvio - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1/2 oz egg white - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
urban anxiety - cocktail glass - 1 oz cachaca - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz cynar - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: flamed grapefruit twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a flamed grapefruit twist.
virgin - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1 oz forbidden fruit - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
tropica cocktail - collins glass - 2 oz light rum - 3 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grapefruit juice - 1 oz grenadine - special ingredients: pineapple slice - mix ingredients in ice-filled collins glass. garnish with a pineapple slice.
vermouth cassis - highball glass - 3/4 oz creme de cassis - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - stir in highball glass with ice cubes and fill with carbonated water. stir again and serve.
verboten - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz forbidden fruit - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. add brandied cherry.
velvet hammer no. 2 - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz strega - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz light cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
velvet hammer no. 1 - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1 oz creme de cacao - 1 oz light cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
ulanda cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz anis - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
torridora cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz coffee-flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz half-and-half - 1 oz 151-proof rum - shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with 151-proof rum.
boston sour - sour glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz blended whiskey - 1 oz egg white - special ingredients: lemon slice, cherry - shake with cracked ice and strain into sour glass. garnish with a lemon slice and a cherry.
three miller cocktail - cocktail glass - 3 oz cherry tomatoes - 2 oz dark rum - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - muddle tomatoes in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients. shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
bird-of-paradise fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water.
biffy cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz swedish punch - 1 1/2 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
between-the-sheets cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz light rum - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
third-rail cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz light rum - 3/4 oz apple brandy - 3/4 oz brandy - 1/4 oz anisette - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
bentley - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy - 1 oz dubonnet - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
tahiti club - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - special ingredients: lemon slice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a lemon slice.
barton special - old-fashioned glass - 1/2 oz applejack - 1/4 oz scotch - 1/4 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes.
barnaby's buffalo blizzard - collins glass - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz vodka - 1 oz galliano - vanilla ice cream  - 1 oz grenadine -  whipped cream and 3/4 oz - shake or blend. serve in a collins glass.
susie taylor - collins glass - 2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lime juice -  ginger ale - pour rum and lime juice into ice-filled collins glass. fill with ginger ale and stir.
baltimore bracer - cocktail glass - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz brandy - 1 oz egg white - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
bachelor's bait cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz orange bitters - 1/2 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
bushranger - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz dubonnet - 1 oz bitters - stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
sunset at gowanus - cocktail glass - 2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz maple syrup - 1/4 oz brandy - 1/4 oz yellow chartreuse - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
bulldog highballl - highball glass - 1/2 oz orange juice - 2 oz gin - pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale. stir.
bucks fizz (mimosa) - collins glass - 2 oz orange juice -  chilled champagne - pour 2 oz. orange juice in a collins glass over two cubes of ice, fill with chilled champagne, and stir very gently.
buckjones - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz sherry - 1/2 oz lime juice - pour ingredients into highball glass over ice cubes and stir. fill with ginger ale.
stormy colada - highball glass - 2 oz dark rum - 2 oz pineapple juice -  ginger beer - special ingredients: pineapple slice, mint, candied ginger - add rum and pineapple juice to ice-filled highball glass. fill with ginger beer and stir. garnish with a skewer.
bronx silver cocktail - sour glass - 1/2 oz orange juice - 1 oz egg white - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz gin - shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
bronx golden cocktail - sour glass - 1 oz gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz orange - special ingredients: egg yolk - shake with ice and strain into sour glass.
stone wall - old-fashioned glass - 3 slices thin peeled ginger - 3/4 oz demerara syrup - 1 1/2 oz apple cider - 1 1/2 oz light rum -  jamaican ginger beer - special ingredients: apple slice, lime slice - muddle ginger and syrup in mixing glass. add cider and rum and shake with ice. strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and fill with ginger beer. garnish with an apple slice and a lime slice.
depth bomb - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz apple brandy - 1 oz brandy - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
stone cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz dry sherry - 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
almeria - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz rum - 1 oz coffee-flavored liqueur - 1 oz egg white - shake all ingredients with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
aunt jemima - pousse-cafe_ glass - 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz white creme de cacao - 1/2 oz benedictine - pour carefully, in order given, into a pousse-cafe glass so that ingredients do not mix.
spanish town cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
apricot lady - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/4 oz light rum - 1 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz egg white - special ingredients: orange slice - shake all ingredients with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. garnish with an orange slice.
apricot anise collins - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: lemon slice - shake with ice and strain into collins glass over ice. fill with carbonated water and stir lightly. garnish with a lemon slice.
apple rum rickey - highball glass - 3/4 oz applejack - 3/4 oz light rum - 1/4 oz lime - special ingredients: lime slice - pour applejack and rum into highball glass over ice cubes. fill with carbonated water. squeeze lime and drop into glass. stir.
sloppy joe's cocktail no. 1 - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz light rum - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
applejack punch - punch cup - 1 3/4 oz applejack - 4 oz grenadine - 16 oz orange juice - 64 ginger ale  - 1 oz whole egg - special ingredients: apple slice - combine first three ingredients in punch bowl with large block of ice. add ginger ale and garnish with an apple slice.
brandy flip - sour glass - 1 whole egg - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 2 oz light cream (if desired) - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into sour glass. top with nutmeg.
sir walter cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz light rum - 3/4 oz brandy - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
saxon cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 3/4 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - orange twist  - special ingredients: orange twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
boston bullet - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: olive - stir or shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.  garnish with an olive stuff with an almond.
sargasso - cocktail glass - 2 oz aged rhum agricole - 3/4 oz dry sherry - 1/2 oz aperol - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
santiago cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
black velvet - champagne flute - 5 oz chilled stout - 5 oz chilled champagne - pour very carefully, in order given, into champagne flute so that the stout and champagne don't mix.
saint lucy bracer - cocktail glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz butterscotch schnapps - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: edible flowers - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with edible flowers.
applecar - cocktail glass - 1 oz applejack - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
apple blow fizz - highball glass - 1 oz egg white - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz apple brandy - shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water.
antoine special - red-wine glass - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - float vermouth on top of chilled dubonnet in a wine glass.
ante - cocktail glass - 1 oz apple brandy - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz dubonnet - stir well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
s & v - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz orange liqueur - 1/2 oz ruby port - 1/2 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lime slice.
rum toddy (cold) - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz light or dark rum - 1/2 oz water - 1 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz brandy - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir rum, water, and syrup in old-fashioned glass. add large cube of ice. garnish with a lemon twist.
deauville cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz apple brandy - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz dry vermouth - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
allies cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz gin - 1/2 oz kummel - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
rum swizzle - collins glass - 2 oz light or dark rum - 1 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters -  soda water - combine first four ingredients in ice-filled collins glass. with bar spoon between your palms, move hands back and forth and up and down to quickly rotate and lift spoon, until glass is frosted. top with soda water. serve with a swizzle stick.
a. j. - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz applejack - 1 oz grapefruit juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
after supper cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
rum sour - cordial or pony glass - 2 oz light rum - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: lemon slice, cherry - shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. garnish with a lemon slice and a cherry.
acapulco - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz lime juice - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz sugar - 1 egg white - special ingredients: mint - combine and shake all ingredients with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. garnish with mint.
absinthe drip cocktail - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz anis - 1 oz sugar - special ingredients: sugar - pour anis into special drip glass or old-fashioned cocktail glass. place sugar cube over hole of drip spoon (or in silver tea strainer). pack spoon or strainer with cracked ice, pour cold water to fill. when water has dripped through, drink is ready.
ambrosia - highball glass - 1 oz applejack - 1 oz brandy - 1 oz triple sec - 1 lemon juice  -  chilled champagne - shake all ingredients except champagne. pour contents into highball glass with cubed ice. fill with chilled champagne.
rum screwdriver - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 5 oz orange juice - stir rum and orange juice in ice-filled highball glass.
rum rickey - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lime juice -  soda water - special ingredients: lime slice - pour rum and lime juice into ice-filled highball glass. fill with soda water and stir. garnish with a lime slice.
scotch cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz creme de menthe (white) - 1 1/2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
rum relaxer - hurricane glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - lemon-lime soda  - special ingredients: orange slice, cherry - shake first three ingredients with ice and pour with ice into hurricane or parfait glass. fill glass with lemon-lime soda. garnish with an orange slice and a cherry.
rum old-fashioned - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz 151-proof rum - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir in ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
rum martini - cocktail glass - 2 oz light rum - 1 oz dry vermouth - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir rum and vermouth with ice in mixing glass. strain into ice-filled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
rum highball - highball glass - 2 oz light or dark rum -  ginger ale or soda water - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour rum into highball glass over ice cubes. fill with ginger ale or soda water and stir. garnish with a lemon twist.
rum fix - highball glass - 2 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz lemon or lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - pour ingredients into ice-filled highball glass and stir. garnish with a lemon slice. serve with a straw.
rum daisy - beer mug - 2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz grenadine - special ingredients: seasonal fruit - shake with ice and strain into chilled beer mug or metal cup. add 1 large ice cube. garnish with seasonal fruit.
d'artag - champagne flute - 1 oz armagnac - 1 oz grand marnier - 1 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz orange juice - 3 oz chilled champagne - special ingredients: orange twist - shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into champagne flute. top with champagne. garnish with an orange twist.
rum cooler - collins glass - 2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz soda water - soda water or ginger ale  -  orange and/or lemon zest - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir rum and syrup in collins glass. fill with ice, add soda water or ginger ale, and stir again. garnish with a lemon twist.
rum collins - collins glass - 2 oz light rum - 1 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - soda water  - special ingredients: lemon slice, cherry - shake rum, lime juice, and syrup with ice and strain into chilled collins glass. add several ice cubes, fill with soda water, and stir. garnish with a lemon slice and a cherry. serve with a straw.
seaboabd - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz blended whiskey - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - special ingredients: mint - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over ice cubes. garnish with mint.
rum cobbler - red-wine glass - 2 oz light rum - 1/4 oz simple syrup -  soda water - in red-wine glass, stir rum and syrup. top with soda water. garnish with fruit and serve with a straw.
robson cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz jamaica rum - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz orange juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
rio fix - champagne flute - 2 oz absinthe or pastis - 1 1/2 oz cachaca - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - pour pastis into chilled champagne flute and swirl to coat inside. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
ringo starr - old-fashioned glass - 3 oz red grapes - 1/2 oz lemon - 6 mint leaves - 1 oz sugar cube - 2 oz african rum - muddle grapes, lemon, mint, and sugar in shaker. add rum and ice and shake briefly. strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
restless native - cocktail glass - 2 oz coconut rum - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 1 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 1/2 oz light rum - special ingredients: lime twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lime twist.
quarter deck cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz cream sherry - 1/2 oz lime juice - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
quaker's cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz light rum - 3/4 oz brandy - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz raspberry syrup - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
puerto rican rum daisy - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1/4 oz orange curacao - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz each orange juice and simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: orange slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with nutmeg and garnish with an orange slice.
cuban cocktail no. 2 - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz lime juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
prohibition punch - brandy snifter - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz grand marnier - 1 oz passion fruit juice - 1 oz cranberry juice - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 2 oz champagne - shake first five ingredients with ice. strain into ice-filled snifter. top with champagne.
prairie oyster cocktail - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz five star brandy - 1 oz worcestershire sauce - 1 oz tomato catsup - 1 oz vinegar - 1 oz pepper - special ingredients: egg yolk, cayenne pepper - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over two ice cubes. top with an unbroken egg yolk. add a dash of cayenne pepper.
poker cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
planter's punch no. 2 - collins glass - 2 oz light rum - 2 oz orange juice - 1 oz each lime juice, jamaica rum, grenadine - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz each lemon juice, triple sec - special ingredients: lemon slice, orange slice, pineapple slice, cherry, mint - stir first five ingredients in ice-filled collins glass until glass is frosted. add jamaican rum, stir, and top with triple sec and grenadine. garnish with fruit and mint. serve with a straw.
planter's punch no. 1 - collins glass - 2 1/2 oz light rum - 2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz soda water - 1 oz grenadine - special ingredients: lemon slice, orange slice, pineapple slice, cherry - stir rum, lime juice, syrup, and bitters in ice-filled collins glass until glass is frosted. fill with soda water and top with grenadine. garnish with fruit. serve with a straw.
planter's cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz jamaica rum - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
pink paradise - hurricane glass - 1 1/2 oz coconut-flavored rum - 1 oz amaretto - 3 oz cranberry juice - 1 1/2 oz pineapple juice - special ingredients: pineapple slice, cherry - stir ingredients in ice-filled hurricane glass. garnish with a pineapple slice and a cherry.
pink creole - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - 1/4 oz half-and-half - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
pineapple fizz - highball glass - 2 oz light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz simple syrup - soda water  - shake rum, pineapple juice, and syrup with ice and strain into chilled highball glass over 2 ice cubes. fill with soda water and stir.
pineapple cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
pearl button - collins glass - 2 oz cachaca (brazilian rum) - 3/4 oz lillet blanc - 1/2 oz lime juice - lemon-lime soda  - special ingredients: pineapple slice, cherry - shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled collins glass. top with soda. garnish with a pineapple slice and a cherry.
the crux - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz brandy - 3/4 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
paris when it sizzles - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz elderflower liqueur - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lime slice.
palmetto cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 2 oz angostura bitters - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
paddington - cocktail glass - 1 oz absinthe - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lillet blanc - 1/2 oz grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz orange marmalade - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - pour absinthe into chilled cocktail glass, swirl to coat inside, and discard excess. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
the old cuban - cocktail glass - 6 fresh mint leaves - 1 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 2 oz angostura bitters - 2 oz champagne - special ingredients: mint - muddle mint leaves, syrup, and lime juice in mixing glass. add rum, bitters, and ice and shake well. strain into chilled cocktail glass and top with champagne. garnish with chopped mint.
oh, gosh! - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
night cap - irish coffee glass - 2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz simple syrup -  warm milk - special ingredients: nutmeg - pour rum and syrup in prewarmed irish coffee glass, fill with warm milk, and stir. top with nutmeg.
new orleans buck - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz lemon juice - ginger ale  - shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled collins glass. fill with ginger ale and stir.
nevada cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz grapefruit juice - 3/4 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
moonquake shake - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1 oz coffee-flavored brandy - 1/4 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
monkey wrench - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum -  grapefruit juice - pour rum into ice-filled collins glass. fill with grapefruit juice and stir.
creme de cafe - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz coffee-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz half-and-half - shake with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
margarita - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz cointreau or triple sec - 3/4 oz lime juice - special ingredients: salt - rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
mojito - collins glass - 3 oz lime wedges - 7 mint leaves - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz light rum -  soda water - special ingredients: mint - muddle the limes, mint, and syrup in a collins glass. add the rum with ice and stir well. top with soda water. garnish with mint.
champagne flamingo - champagne flute - 3/4 oz vodka - 3/4 oz campari - 5 oz chilled champagne - special ingredients: orange twist - shake vodka and campari with ice. strain into chilled champagne flute and top with champagne. garnish with an orange twist.
thunder and lightning cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg yolk - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
casco bay lemonade - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz cranberry juice -  lemon-lime soda - special ingredients: lemon slice - shake first four ingredients with ice. pour into ice-filled collins glass. fill glass with lemon-lime soda. top with lemon slice.
caribbean cruise - collins glass - 1 oz vodka - 1/4 oz light rum - 1/4 oz coconut-flavored rum - 1 oz grenadine - 4 oz pineapple juice - special ingredients: pineapple slice, cherry - shake first four ingredients with ice and pour into ice-filled collins glass. fill with pineapple juice. garnish with a pineapple slice and a cherry.
cappuccino cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz vodka - 3/4 oz coffee-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz half-and-half - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 5 oz cranberry juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
cape codder - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 5 oz cranberry juice -  lime wedge - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz five star brandy - 1 oz egg white - special ingredients: lime slice - pour into ice-filled highball glass. stir well. garnish with a lime slice.
baltimore bracer cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz five star brandy - 1 oz egg white - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
caesar - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 4 oz tomato-clam juice - 1/2 oz prepared horseradish - 1 oz each worcestershire sauce, salt, ground black pepper - special ingredients: celery, lime slice, celery salt - rim highball glass with lemon and celery salt, and then fill with ice. shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass. garnish with celery and a lemon slice.
bull shot - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3 oz cold beef bouillon - 1 oz worcestershire sauce - 1 oz salt - 1 oz black pepper - shake with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass.
bullfrog - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 5 oz lemonade - special ingredients: lime slice - pour into ice-filled collins glass and stir. garnish with a lime slice.
boston gold - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 1/2 oz creme de baa - 2 oz orange juice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass.
corpse reviver no. 1 - cocktail glass - 2 oz cognac - 1 oz apple brandy - 1 oz sweet vermouth - stir with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
thanksgiving special cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz dry gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
tequini cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz tequila - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist, olive - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.garnish with a lemon twist and an olive.
bordeaux cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz lillet blanc - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
bolshoi punch - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz vodka - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz creme de cassis - shake and pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
blue lagoon - highball glass - 1 oz vodka - 1 oz blue curacao - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. garnish with a cherry.
stinger cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
bloody mary - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3 oz tomato juice - 1/4 oz lime juice - 4 oz worcestershire sauce - 2 -  3 drops hot red pepper sauce -  black pepper - special ingredients: lime slice, celery - roll with ice between both halves of boston shaker. strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a lime slice and celery.
spritzer highball - highball glass - 3 oz chilled rhine wine or sauterne -  carbonated water - pour into highball glass with ice cubes. fill balance with carbonated water and stir gently.
bloody bull - highball glass - 1 oz vodka - 2 oz tomato juice - 2 oz cold beef bouillon - special ingredients: lime slice, lemon slice - pour into ice-filled highball glass. stir. squeeze and add lemon. garnish with a lime slice.
the blood orange - cocktail glass - 2 oz orange-flavored vodka - 1 oz campari - special ingredients: orange slice - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange slice.
black russian - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz coffee liqueur - pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir.
black magic - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz coffee liqueur - 1/4 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
black cherry chocolate - cocktail glass - 1 1/4 oz black cherry-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz white chocolate liqueur - 3/4 oz black cherry juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
victor collins - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3 oz unsweetened grape juice - 3 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - special ingredients: orange slice - shake with ice and strain into collins glass with ice cubes. garnish with an orange slice.
snowball cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz sweet cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
violet fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz creme yvette - shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
bikini - cocktail glass - 1 oz vodka - 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz milk - 1/2 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
cold deck cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz brandy - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz white creme de menthe - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
the big crush - cocktail glass - 1 oz raspberry-flavored vodka - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz raspberry-flavored liqueur - 1/2 oz lime juice -  chilled champagne - special ingredients: raspberry, blackberry - shake first four ingredients with ice. strain into chilled cocktail glass and top with champagne. garnish with berries.
bianca - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz citrus-flavored vodka - 2 oz pomegranate juice - 1/4 oz lime juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: lemon twist, pomegranate seeds, sugar - rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and sugar. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. garnish with a lemon twist and pomegranate seeds.
bella fragolia - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz strawberry - 4 oz basil leaves - 2 oz vodka - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup -  soda water - special ingredients: strawberry, basil - muddle chopped strawberry and 4 basil leaves in mixing glass. add vodka, lemon juice, and syrup with ice and shake well. double-strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and top with soda water. garnish with a strawberry and basil.
beer buster - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka -  chilled beer or ale - 2 oz hot red pepper sauce - pour vodka into highball glass and fill with beer or ale. add hot sauce and stir lightly.
basil 8 - collins glass - 3 oz basil leaves - 5 oz white grapes - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1 oz each simple syrup, angostura bitters -  ginger ale - special ingredients: basil, grape - muddle basil and 5 grapes in collins glass. add next four ingredients and stir. add ice and top with ginger ale. garnish with basil sprig and a white grape.
shamrock cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz irish whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz green creme de menthe - special ingredients: olive - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an olive.
aqueduct - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz white curacao or triple sec - 1/2 oz apricot-flavored brandy - special ingredients: orange twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
scotch whisky highball - highball glass - 2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky -  ginger ale - special ingredients: lemon twist - put whisky in highball glass with ice cubes and fill with ginger ale or carbonated water. garnish with a lemon twist if desired, and stir.
alfie cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz lemon-flavored vodka - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
admiral perry - cocktail glass - 2 oz pear-flavored vodka - 1 oz cinnamon schnapps - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz white creme de cacao - special ingredients: pear slice - stir with ice and shake into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a pear slice.
yellow rose of texas - cocktail glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 3 oz rose water - shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with rose water.
st. patrick's day cocktail - collins glass - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz green chartreuse - 3/4 oz irish whiskey - 1 oz bitters - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
purple twister - collins glass - 2 oz grape vodka -  cola -  lemon slice - special ingredients: lemon slice - pour into collins glass over ice cubes. fill with cola. garnish with a lemon slice, and stir.
waiting on summer - collins glass - 3 oz cucumber - 3 oz sage leaves - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 3 oz ginger ale - special ingredients: strawberry - muddle cucumber, sage, and lime juice in mixing glass. add tequila and syrup with ice and shake. double-strain into ice-filled collins glass. top with ginger ale. garnish with a strawberry.
cognac highball - highball glass - 2 oz cognac -  ginger ale or soda water - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour cognac into ice-filled highball glass and fill with ginger ale or soda water. garnish with a lemon twist, if desired, and stir.
prince's smile cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/2 oz apple brandy - 1 oz dry gin - 1/4 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
viva villa - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - rim old-fashioned glass with lime and salt. fill with ice. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
praire oyster cocktail - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz five star brandy - 1 oz worcestershire sauce - 1 oz tomato catsup - 1 oz vinegar - 1 oz pepper - special ingredients: egg yolk, cayenne pepper - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass over two ice cubes. top with an unbroken egg yolk. add dash of cayenne pepper.
praire chicken - white-wine glass - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz whole egg - special ingredients: egg yolk, salt, pepper - open egg without breaking the yolk and put in wine glass. top with gin. add pepper and salt.
venial sin - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz mezcal - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/4 oz elderflower liqueur - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
vagabundo - hurricane glass - 2 oz reposado blanco tequila - 1 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 1/2 oz celery juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime slice - shake ingredients with ice. strain into ice-filled hurricane glass. garnish with a lime slice.
the 21st century - cocktail glass - splash absinthe - 1 oz absinthe - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - swirl absinthe in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess absinthe. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
pollyanna cocktail - cocktail glass - 3 slices orange peel - 3 slices pineapple - 2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 tsp grenadine  - muddle oranges and pineapple with gin, vermouth, and grenadine.  shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
toreador - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz dark creme de cacao - 1/2 oz half-and-half - special ingredients: whipped cream, cocoa - shake with ice. strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with whipped cream, sprinkle with cocoa.
pink squirrel cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz creme de noyaux - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz light sweet cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
pink lady cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz grenadine - 1 oz sweet cream - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
tijuana taxi - highball glass - 2 oz gold tequila - 1 oz blue curacao - 1 oz tropical fruit schnapps - lemon-lime soda  - special ingredients: orange slice, cherry - pour first three ingredients into ice-filled large highball glass. fill with lemon-lime soda. garnish with an orange slice and a cherry.
tia juanathan - highball glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz aperol - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse -  soda water - special ingredients: orange slice - shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled highball glass. top with soda water. garnish with an orange slice.
phoebe snow cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
tequonic - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/4 oz lemon or lime juice -  tonic water - special ingredients: lime slice - pour tequila into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. add juice, fill with tonic water, and stir. garnish with a lime slice
tequini - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
passion daiquiri cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz rum - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz passion fruit juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
parisian blonde cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz sweet cream - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz jamaica rum - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
tequila sunrise - highball glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 4 oz orange juice - 3/4 oz grenadine - pour tequila and orange juice into ice-filled highball glass. stir and add ice. slowly pour in grenadine and allow to settle at glass bottom. before drinking, stir to create the "sunrise"
coffee grasshopper - old-fashioned glass - 3/4 oz coffee-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz white creme de menthe - 3/4 oz half-and-half - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
tequila straight - shot glass - 1 oz coarse salt - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz lime wedge - special ingredients: lime slice, salt - put salt between thumb and index finger on back of one hand. hold shot glass of tequila in same hand and lime slice in other hand. taste the salt, drink the tequila, and then suck the lime.
tequila sour - cordial or pony glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: lemon slice, cherry - shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. garnish with a lemon slice and a cherry.
tequila smash - old-fashioned glass - 4 oz blueberries - 4 oz bing cherries - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime slice, blueberry, cherry - muddle blueberries and cherries in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients and shake. double-strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with skewered fruit.
tequila pink - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
tequila old-fashioned - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz soda water - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour tequila, syrup, and bitters in ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. add soda. garnish with a lemon twist.
rob roy cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 1/2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
tequila mockingbird - cocktail glass - 1/4 oz minced ginger - 1 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 1 1/2 oz agave nectar - 1 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime slice, salt - rim one half of a chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. muddle ginger in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients with ice and shake. strain into glass. garnish with a lime slice.
tequila matador - champagne flute - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute.
tequila manhattan - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a cherry.
t.n.t. cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
thunderclap cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz dry gin - 3/4 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 3/4 oz five star brandy - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
thunder cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz egg yolk - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1 oz cayenne pepper - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
tequila collins - collins glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz simple syrup - soda water  - special ingredients: lemon slice, orange slice, cherry - shake first three ingredients with ice and strain into chilled collins glass. add several ice cubes, fill with soda water, and stir. garnish with a lemon slice, an orange slice, and a cherry. serve with straw.
white lady cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 oz sweet cream - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
tequila canyon - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz cranberry juice - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz orange juice - special ingredients: lime slice - pour into collins glass and stir. add ice. garnish with a lime slice. serve with straw.
chicago cocktail - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz brandy - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz orange curacao - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - special ingredients: sugar - rim chilled old-fashioned glass with lemon and sugar. stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
sunday confession - collins glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz limoncello - 1/2 oz lemon juice - ginger beer  - special ingredients: lemon slice - pour the first three ingredients into collins glass and stir briefly. add ice and top with ginger beer. garnish with a lemon slice.
strawberry margarita - cocktail glass - 3 oz strawberries - 3/4 oz strawberry schnapps - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz lime juice - special ingredients: strawberry, sugar - if desired, rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and sugar or salt. muddle strawberries with schnapps in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients and shake with ice. strain through fine wire sieve into glass. garnish with a strawberry.
western rose cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
widow's kiss cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz five star brandy - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/2 oz benedictine - 1 oz peychaud bitters - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
spice of life - old-fashioned glass - 3 oz cucumber - 12 mint leaves - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz jalapeno-infused tequila - 3/4 oz lime juice - special ingredients: cucumber, mint - muddle 3 cucumber slices, mint leaves, and syrup in mixing glass. add tequila and lime juice with ice and shake. double-strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a cucumber slice and mint sprig.
widow's dream cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz benedictine - 1 oz whole egg - special ingredients: sweet cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. top with one teaspoon of sweet cream.
vodka gypsy cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz vodka - 3/4 oz benedictine - 1 oz angostura bitters - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
south of the border - cordial or pony glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz coffee-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled sour glass. garnish with a lime slice.
vodka grasshopper cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz vodka - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
violet fizz juice - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz creme yvette - shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
smoked margarita - old-fashioned glass - 1/2 oz smoky scotch whisky, such as islay or skye - 1 oz reposado tequila - 1 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime slice - pour scotch into old-fashioned glass and swirl to coat. add ice. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. garnish with a lime slice
sloe tequila - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz sloe gin - 1/2 oz lime juice - special ingredients: cucumber twist - combine ingredients with 1/2 cup crushed ice in blender on low speed. pour into old-fashioned glass. garnish with a cucumber twist.
queen elizabeth cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz benedictine - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
silk stockings - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 1/2 oz heavy cream - 1 oz grenadine - shake ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with cinnamon.
orchid cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz dry gin - 1 oz egg white - 1 oz creme yvette - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
orange milk fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - 2 oz milk - shake with ice and strain into highball glass over two cubes of ice. fill with carbonated water and stir.
orange gin rickey - highball glass - 1/2 oz lime juice - 2 oz orange flavored gin - pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with carbonated water. garnish with a lime slice. stir.
orange gin highball - highball glass - 2 oz orange flavored gin -  ginger ale - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour into highball glass over ice cubes and fill with ginger ale or carbonated water. garnish with a lemon twist, if desired, and stir.
orange gin fizz - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz orange flavored gin - shake with ice and strain into highball glass with two ice cubes. fill with carbonated water and stir.
orange gin collins - collins glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz orange flavored gin - special ingredients: lemon slice, orange slice, cherry - shake with ice and strain into collins glass. add several cubes of ice, fill with carbonated water and stir. garnish with a lemon slice and an orange slice and a cherry. serve with straws.
sidewinder - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz campari - 1/2 oz vanilla syrup - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz mezcal - 2 oz ginger beer - special ingredients: mint - fill collins glass 1/2 full with crushed ice. add all ingredients. swizzle with barspoon until glass is frosted. fill to brim with additional ice. garnish with mint.
orange blossom cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz orange juice - 1/4 oz powdered sugar - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
shady lady - highball glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz melon liqueur - 4 oz grapefruit juice - 4 oz grapefruit juice - special ingredients: melon slice, cherry - combine all ingredients in ice-filled highball glass and stir. garnish with a lime slice and a melon slice or a cherry.
cherry blossom - cocktail glass - 1 oz brandy - 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz grenadine - special ingredients: cherry, sugar - rim chilled cocktail glass with brandy and sugar. shake ingredients with ice and strain into glass. garnish with a cherry.
the sfozando - cocktail glass - 1 oz mezcal - 3/4 oz rye whiskey - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz benedictine - 1 oz chocolate bitters - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a orange twist.
napoleon cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz curacao - 1/2 oz dubonnet - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
moulin rouge cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz sloe gin - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz bitters - stir with ice and strain cocktail glass.
sea of cortez - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz creme de cassis - 1/4 oz orange curacao - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
satin sheets - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz falernum - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lime slice.
santana sling - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz cherry heering - 1/4 oz batavia arrack or light rum - 1/2 oz lime juice - 3 oz ginger beer - pour first four ingredients into ice-filled collins glass and stir. add ginger beer and stir again.
rosita - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz campari - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice. strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
mariposa cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz rum - 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
margarita cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz tequila - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz lemon or lime juice - special ingredients: salt - rub rim of cocktail glass with rind of lemon or lime, dip rim in salt. shake ingredients with ice and strain into the salt-rimmed glass.
the refuge - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz aperol - 1/4 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz grapefruit juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - shake with ice. strain into chilled cocktail glass.
manhattan cocktail (dry) - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 1/2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - special ingredients: olive - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an olive.
mamie taylor - collins glass - 1/2 oz lime juice - 2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - fill collins glass with ginger ale and ice. stir.
quetzalcoatl - cocktail glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz mezcal - 1/2 oz creme de peche - 1/2 oz guava puree - 1/2 oz grapefruit juice - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
zero mint - cocktail glass - 2 oz creme de menthe -  water - for each serving chill 2 oz. creme de menthe (green) mixed with 1 oz. water in freezer compartment of refrigerator for 2 hours or longer if desired. (does not have to be frozen solid.) serve in cocktail glasses.
purple pancho - cocktail glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz blue curacao - 1/2 oz sloe gin - 2 oz lime juice - 1 oz each lemon juice, simple syrup - special ingredients: lime slice - rim chilled cocktail or margarita glass with lime wedge and sugar. shake remaining ingredients with ice and pour with ice into glass. garnish with a lime slice
midnight express - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - shake with ice and pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
london special cocktail - champagne flute -  orange peel -  lump sugar - 2 dashes bitters - champagne  - put a large orange twist into champagne glass. add 1 lump sugar and 2 dashes bitters. fill with well-chilled champagne and stir.
mary pickford cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 3/4 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/4 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
charles cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
martinique rose - cocktail glass - 2 oz aged rhum agricole - 1/2 oz amaretto - 3/4 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz orgeat or almond syrup - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
mariposa - cocktail glass - 1 oz light rum - 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz orange juice - 1 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
mandeville - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz anisette - 1 oz grenadine - cola  - shake first five ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled old fashioned glass. top with cola.
k.c.b. cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz kummel - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1/4 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
malmaison - cocktail glass -  anisette - 1 oz light rum - 1/2 oz cream sherry - 1 oz lemon juice - rim chilled cocktail glass with anisette. shake remaining ingredients with ice. strain into glass.
mai-tai (trader vic version) - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz orange curacao - 1 oz lime juice (reserve 1/2 lime shell for garnish) - 1/2 oz orgeat syrup - 1/4 oz rock candy syrup or simple syrup - special ingredients: lime twist, mint, pineapple slice, cherry - shake ingredients without ice. strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a lime twist, mint, and a skewered pineapple and cherry.
jersey lightning cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz apple brandy - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz lime juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
lumination - champagne flute - 2 oz ginger - 1 oz simple syrup - 2 oz dark rum - 1 oz vs cognac - 1 oz each lemon juice, angostura bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - muddle ginger in syrup in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients and ice and shake. strain into chilled champagne flute. garnish with a lemon twist.
jamaica glow cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz dry gin - 1 oz claret - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz jamaica rum - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
lounge lizard - collins glass - 1 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz amaretto -  cola - special ingredients: lime slice - pour rum and amaretto into ice-filled collins glass. fill with cola and stir. garnish with a lime slice.
jack-in-the-box cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz apple brandy - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz bitters - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
irish whisky cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz absinthe substitute - 1/4 oz maraschino - 1 oz bitters - 2 oz irish whiskey - special ingredients: olive - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with an olive.
look out below - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz 151-proof rum - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
little princess cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
little devil cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz light rum - 3/4 oz gin - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
champs elysees cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz brandy - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
hop toad cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz apricot flavored brandy - 3/4 oz rum - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
level headed cocktail - brandy snifter - 1 1/2 oz aged rhum agricole - 1 oz cold brewed coffee - 1/2 oz allspice liqueur (pimento dram) - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz angostura bitters - shake with ice and strain into snifter.
la vita dulce - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz spiced rum - 3/4 oz mezcal - 3/4 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: cinnamon - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with cinnamon.
hole-in-one cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 3/4 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
ko adang - collins glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1 oz coconut rum - 1/2 oz ginger liqueur - 1/2 oz mango nectar - 1/2 oz cream of coconut - 1/2 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled collins glass. garnish with a lime slice.
knickerbocker special cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz raspberry syrup - special ingredients: pineapple slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a pineapple slice.
hair raiser cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz 100 proof vodka - 1/2 oz rock and rye - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
green opal cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz anisette - 1 oz absinthe substitute - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
jamaican ginger - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz dark rum - 1/2 oz falernum - 1/2 oz lime juice - 4 oz angostura bitters -  ginger ale - special ingredients: lime slice - stir first five ingredients in ice-filled collins glass. top with ginger ale. garnish with a lime slice.
green dragon cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz kummel - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 4 oz orange bitters - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
grasshopper cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz light sweet cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
jamaican crawler - collins glass - 1 oz light rum - 1 oz melon liqueur - 3 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - shake first three ingredients with ice and pour into collins glass. add grenadine and stir.
golden slipper cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 2 oz apricot flavored brandy - special ingredients: egg yolk - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. top with an unbroken egg yolk.
jade - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz green creme de menthe - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz simple syrup scant - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lime slice.
jacqueline - cocktail glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz simple syrup - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
jack sparrow flip - highball glass - 2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz madeira - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz egg - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake without ice. then shake with ice and strain into highball glass. top with nutmeg.
irresistible - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1/4 oz benedictine - 1/4 oz lemon juice -  lemon twist - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
carroll cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth -  maraschino cherry - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
hush and wonder - cocktail glass - 1 oz creme de violette - 2 oz light rum - 3/4 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 3 oz grapefruit bitters - pour creme de violette into chilled cocktail glass and swirl to coat; discard excess liqueur. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
hurricane leah - hurricane glass - 1/4 oz each light rum, gin, vodka, blanco tequila, blue curacao - 1 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 1/2 oz lemon juice - 3 oz orange juice - special ingredients: orange slice - pour ingredients, in order given, into ice-filled hurricane glass and stir. garnish with an orange slice.
gimlet cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz rose's lime juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
hurricane - hurricane glass - 1 1/2 oz each dark rum, light rum - 1 oz passion fruit syrup - 1 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz each simple syrup, grenadine - special ingredients: orange slice, cherry - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled hurricane glass. garnish with an orange slice and a cherry.
hop toad - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz light rum - 3/4 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 1/2 oz lime juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
the holy roller - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz cachaca - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz honey syrup - 4 mint leaves  - 2 oz angostura bitters - 1/2 oz champagne or sparkling wine - special ingredients: mint - shake first five ingredients with ice. strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with champagne or sparkling wine. garnish with mint.
hemingway's nog - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz vanilla liqueur - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz creme fraiche - 3 oz tiki bitters - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with nutmeg.
flying scotchman cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - 1 oz bitters - 1/4 oz sugar syrup - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
flying grasshopper cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz green creme de menthe - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz vodka - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
havana cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz light rum - 1 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1/4 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
harvest nectar - beer mug - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz cranberry juice - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz lemon-lime soda - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled beer mug.
fancy brandy cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz five star brandy - 1 oz bitters - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz powdered sugar - special ingredients: lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
fallen angel cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz lime juice - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 oz bitters - 1/2 oz white creme de menthe - special ingredients: cherry - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
the poncho - cocktail glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 2 oz peychaud's bitters - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
hai karate - collins glass - 2 oz dark rum - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz orange juice - 1 oz maple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: cherry, orange slice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled collins glass. garnish with a cherry and an orange slice.
cara sposa - cocktail glass - 1 oz coffee-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz half-and-half - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
traditional martini (dry) - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
pina agave - cocktail glass - 2 oz cucumber - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz pineapple juice - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz agave nectar -  lemon-lime soda - special ingredients: cucumber - muddle 2 cucumber slices in mixing glass. add the next four ingredients. shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with soda and garnish with a cucumber slice.
grande guignol - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 3/4 oz cherry heering - 3/4 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lime slice.
pancho villa - cocktail glass - 1 oz anejo tequila - 3/4 oz aperol - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz peach bitters - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
paloma (natural) - collins glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 2 oz white or ruby red grapefruit juice -  soda water - special ingredients: lime slice - pour tequila and grapefruit juice into ice-filled collins glass. fill with soda water and stir briefly. garnish with a lime slice
golden friendship - collins glass - 1 oz light rum - 1 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz amaretto - ginger ale  - special ingredients: orange slice, cherry - stir first three ingredients in ice-filled collins glass with ice, then fill with ginger ale. garnish with an orange slice and a cherry.
paloma - collins glass - 2 oz blanco tequila -  grapefruit-flavored soda - special ingredients: lime slice - pour tequila into ice-filled collins glass. fill glass with soda and stir briefly. garnish with a lime slice
pacific sunshine - hurricane glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 1/2 oz blue curacao - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: preserved lemon slice, salt - rim chilled hurricane or parfait glass with lemon and salt; reserve lemon. shake remaining ingredients with ice in mixing glass. pour with ice into glass. garnish with a preserved lemon slice.
golden eclipse - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dark rum - 1/4 oz amaro - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz orange bitters - 3 oz sparkling apple cider - special ingredients: apple slice - shake first four ingredients with ice. strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with cider. garnish with an apple slice.
diplomat cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 2 oz bitters - 1/2 oz maraschino - special ingredients: lemon slice, cherry - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon slice and a cherry.
oldest temptation - cocktail glass - 2 oz anejo tequila - 1 oz apple juice - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: flamed lemon twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a flamed lemon twist.
ginger grapefruit rickey - highball glass - 2 oz light rum - 2 oz grapefruit juice - 1 oz ginger liqueur - 1/2 oz lime juice -  soda water - shake first four ingredients with ice. strain into ice-filled highball glass and top with soda water.
calvados cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz calvados - 1 1/2 oz orange juice - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1 oz orange bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
daiquiri cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 1 1/2 oz rum - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
the oaxaca old-fashioned - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz mezcal - 1/4 oz agave nectar - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: flamed orange twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a flamed orange twist.
cuban special cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 oz rum - 1/2 oz triple sec - special ingredients: pineapple slice, cherry - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a pineapple slice and a cherry.
gaugin - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz passion fruit syrup - special ingredients: cherry - combine ingredients with 1 cup crushed ice in blender on low speed. serve in chilled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a cherry.
the nomad south - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz blood orange juice - 1/2 oz agave nectar - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 oz whiskey barrel bitters - shake well with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
creole lady cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz old kentucky tavern bourbon whiskey - 1 1/2 oz madeira - 1 oz grenadine - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a green cherry and a red cherry.
no. 8 - cocktail glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 3/4 oz palo cortado or oloroso sherry - 1/2 oz honey liqueur - 2 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
fog cutter - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz gin - 1 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz each orange juice and sherry - 1 1/2 oz almond or orgeat syrup - shake first six ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled collins glass. top with sherry.
mexicola - collins glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz lime juice - cola  - pour tequila and lime juice into ice-filled collins glass. fill with cola and stir.
floridita no. 3 - champagne flute - 2 oz light rum - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 1/2 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled champagne flute. garnish with a lime slice.
mexican monk - cocktail glass - 2 oz reposado tequila - 1/2 oz dry sherry - 1/4 oz coffee liqueur - 1/4 oz benedictine - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
floridita no. 1 - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz white creme de cacao - 1 oz grenadine - special ingredients: lime twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lime twist.
mexican madras - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 2 oz cranberry juice - 1 oz orange juice - 1/4 oz lime juice - special ingredients: orange slice - shake with ice and strain into old-fashioned glass. garnish with an orange slice.
cadiz - old-fashioned glass - 1/4 oz blackberry-flavored brandy - 1/4 oz dry sherry - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz half-and-half - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
chocolate soldier cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz dubonnet - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
fireman's sour - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz light rum - 2 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 1/4 oz grenadine -  soda water (optional) - special ingredients: lemon slice, cherry - shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. fill with soda water, if desired. garnish with a lemon slice and cherry.
fat like buddha - cocktail glass - 2 oz dark rum - 3/4 oz dubonnet rouge - 1/4 oz benedictine - 1/4 oz triple sec - special ingredients: flamed orange twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a flamed orange twist.
cherry blossom cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1/2 oz wild cherry flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 1/2 oz grenadine - 2 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: cherry, powdered sugar - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass with its rim moistened with cherry liqueur and dipped into powdered sugar. garnish with a maraschino cherry.
fair-and-warmer cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1/2 oz triple sec - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
chelsea sidecar cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz dry gin - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
mexican firing squad - highball glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz simple syrup - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1 oz pomegranate molasses (available at middle eastern grocers) - 2 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lime slice - shake and strain into ice-filled highball glass. garnish with a lime slice.
mexicana - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
el presidente cocktail no. 2 - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz light rum - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
margarita tequila - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz cointreau triple sec - 3/4 oz lime juice - special ingredients: salt - rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. shake remaining ingredients and ice and strain into glass.
lillypad - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz each lillet blanc and lillet rouge - 1 1/2 oz apple juice - 3/4 oz lime juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - special ingredients: blood orange slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a blood orange slice
x. y. z. cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1 oz rum - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
la ultima palabra - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz grapefruit juice - 3/4 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - 3/4 oz maraschino liqueur - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
la perla - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1 1/2 oz manzanilla sherry - 3/4 oz pear liqueur - lemon twist  - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
bull's milk - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz brandy - 1 oz light rum - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 3 oz milk - special ingredients: nutmeg, cinnamon - shake with ice and strain into chilled collins glass. top with nutmeg and cinnamon.
la bomba - cocktail glass - 1 1/4 oz gold tequila - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 1/2 oz orange juice - 2 oz grenadine - special ingredients: lime slice, salt - rim chilled cocktail glass with lime wedge and sugar. combine next four ingredients with ice and shake briefly. pour with ice into glass. add grenadine and garnish with a lime slice.
jinx cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz blood orange liqueur - 3/4 oz becherovka (czech digestif) - 1 oz grapefruit juice - special ingredients: flamed grapefruit twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a flamed grapefruit twist.
the interesting cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz aperol - 1/2 oz dark creme de cacao - 3/4 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
hot pants - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz peppermint schnapps - 1/2 oz grapefruit juice - 2 oz simple syrup - special ingredients: salt - rim old-fashioned glass with lime and salt. fill with ice. shake remaining ingredients with ice. strain into glass.
high plains drifter no. 1 - cocktail glass - 1 oz campari - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz lime juice - 3/4 oz honey syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - swirl campari in chilled cocktail glass to coat inside; discard excess campari. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
hairy sunrise - collins glass - 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz vodka - 1/2 oz triple sec - 3 oz orange juice - 1 oz grenadine - special ingredients: lime slice - shake first four ingredients with ice. strain into ice-filled collins glass. top with grenadine. garnish with a lime slice.
guadalajara - cocktail glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz benedictine - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
frostbite - cocktail glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz white creme de cacao - 3/4 oz heavy cream - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with nutmeg.
flower power - cocktail glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz agave nectar - 1 oz egg white - 3 oz orange blossom water - 2 oz peychaud's bitters - shake without ice. then shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
cablegram highball - highball glass - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1 oz powdered sugar - 2 oz old thompson blended whiskey - stir with ice cubes in highball glass and fill with ginger ale.
cabaret cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 2 oz bitters - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz benedictine - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
bulla's eye - highball glass - 1 oz brandy - 2 oz hard cider -  ginger ale - stir brandy and hard cider in highball glass. add ice, fill with ginger ale, and stir again.
el oso (the bear) - cocktail glass - 1  3/4 oz anejo tequila - 3/4 oz honey liqueur - 1/2 oz maraschino liqueur - 2 oz the bitter truth's jerry thomas' own decanter bitters - stir with ice. drop dehydrated orange slice into old-fashioned glass and add ice. strain cocktail into glass.
el ni_o - old-fashioned glass - 6 lime wedges - 1 oz whole strawberry - 3/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz blanco tequila - 5 oz rose water - muddle lime, strawberry, and syrup in mixing glass. add tequila and rose water and ice. shake briefly and strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass.
el molino - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz mezcal - 3/4 oz palo cortado or oloroso sherry - 1/4 oz allspice liqueur (pimento dram) - 1/4 oz white creme de cacao - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
bucks fizz - collins glass - 2 oz orange juice -  champagne - pour 2 oz. orange juice in a collins glass over two cubes of ice, fill with champagne, and stir very gently.
dirty daisy - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1 oz white curacao - 1/2 oz olive brine - 1 oz balsamic vinegar - 1 oz lime juice - special ingredients: lime slice - shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lime slice
diablo - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz creme de cassis - 1/2 oz lime juice - ginger ale  - special ingredients: lime slice - shake first three ingredients with ice. strain into ice-filled collins glass. top with ginger ale. garnish with a lime slice.
count camillo's paloma - collins glass - 3/4 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 3/4 oz campari - 2 oz grapefruit soda - special ingredients: rosemary - pour ingredients into collins glass and stir briefly. fill with ice. garnish with rosemary.
company b - cocktail glass - 1 oz strawberry - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz campari - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz agave nectar - special ingredients: strawberry - muddle whole strawberry in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients. shake with ice and strain through fine wire sieve into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a strawberry.
chupa cabra - cocktail glass - 2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz campari - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 1 oz angostura bitters - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lime slice.
chinchona - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz anejo tequila - 3/4 oz lillet rouge - 1/2 oz orange curacao - 2 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: orange twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a orange twist.
chapala - hurricane glass - 1 1/2 oz reposado tequila - 1 1/2 oz orange juice - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/4 oz grenadine - special ingredients: orange slice - shake and strain into hurricane glass. fill glass with crushed ice. garnish with orange blossoms, if using, and orange slice
bulldog cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz gin - 1/2 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
boston sidecar cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz five star brandy - 3/4 oz rum - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz lime juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
catalina margarita - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz peach schnapps - 1 oz blue curacao - 2 oz simple syrup - 2 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
camino del ray - cocktail glass - 1 3/4 oz anejo tequila - 1 oz oloroso sherry - 1/2 oz drambuie - 1 oz rhubarb bitters - special ingredients: lemon twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
cactus berry - cocktail glass - 1 1/4 oz blanco tequila - 1 1/4 oz red wine - 1/2 oz each triple sec, simple syrup - 1/4 oz each lemon juice, lime juice - 1 oz lemon-lime soda - special ingredients: salt - rim chilled cocktail glass with lime and salt. shake remaining ingredients with ice and pour into glass.
bolero cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz rum - 3/4 oz apple brandy - 1/4 oz sweet vermouth - stir well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
bum's rush - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz honey liqueur - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz apple cider - special ingredients: lime slice - shake with ice and strain into ice-filled collins glass. garnish with lime slice.
brave bull - old-fashioned glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz coffee liqueur - special ingredients: lemon twist - pour into ice-filled old-fashioned glass and stir. garnish with a lemon twist.
blue margarita - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1/2 oz blue curacao - 1 oz lime juice - special ingredients: salt - rim chilled cocktail glass with lime juice and salt. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
bloody maria - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 2 oz tomato juice - 1/4 oz lemon juice - 1 oz hot red pepper sauce - 1 oz celery salt - special ingredients: lemon slice - stir with ice. strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a lemon slice.
pineapple dream cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1 oz imported rum - shake well with cracked ice and strain into 3 oz. cocktail glass.
big red hooter - collins glass - 1 oz blanco tequila - 3/4 oz amaretto - 2 oz pineapple juice - 1/2 oz grenadine - special ingredients: cherry - pour tequila and amaretto into ice-filled collins glass. fill with pineapple juice and top with grenadine. garnish with a cherry. serve with straw.
blood bronx cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz dry gin - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/4 oz blood orange juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
bravo - old-fashioned glass - 2 oz anejo tequila - 1/4 oz agave nectar - 2 oz angostura bitters - 1 oz orange bitters - special ingredients: grapefruit twist - stir with ice and strain into chilled old-fashioned glass. garnish with a grapefruit twist.
amante picante - cocktail glass - 2 oz cucumber - 2 oz cilantro sprigs - 2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz lime juice - 1 oz simple syrup - 2 oz jalapeno hot pepper sauce - special ingredients: cucumber - muddle 2 cucumber slices and cilantro in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients. shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a cucumber slice.
brunswick street cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz cognac - 1 1/2 oz sherry - 1 oz egg yolk - special ingredients: nutmeg - shake without ice. add ice and shake again. strain into chilled cocktail glass. top with nutmeg.
black hawk cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/4 oz old thompson blended whiskey - 1 1/4 oz sloe gin - special ingredients: cherry - stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. garnish with a cherry.
alamo splash - collins glass - 1 1/2 oz blanco tequila - 1 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - 1 oz lemon-lime soda - pour first three ingredients into ice-filled collins glass. top with lemon-lime soda and stir.
betsy ross cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz five star brandy - 1 1/2 oz port - 1 oz triple sec - 1 1/4 oz dry gin - stir with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
bermuda rose cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/4 oz dry gin - 1 1/2 oz apricot flavored brandy - 1 1/2 oz grenadine - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
yokahama romance - cocktail glass - 2 1/2 oz sake - 1 oz gin - 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur - special ingredients: rose petal - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a rose petal.
yale cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz blue curacao - 1 oz angostura bitters - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
xanthia cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz gin - 3/4 oz cherry-flavored brandy - 3/4 oz yellow chartreuse - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
woodstock - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz lemon juice - 1 1/2 oz maple syrup - 1 oz orange bitters - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
wolf's bite - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 oz grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz green chartreuse - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
barbary coast cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/2 oz dry gin - 1/2 oz rum - 1/2 oz creme de cacao - 1/2 oz desmond & duff scotch whisky - 1/2 oz sweet cream - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
the winkle - cocktail glass - 3 oz sage leaves - 2 oz gin - 1 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz limoncello - 1/2 oz simple syrup - 4 oz raspberries - special ingredients: lemon twist - muddle sage in mixing glass. add remaining ingredients. shake with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with a lemon twist.
the wink - old-fashioned glass - 1 splash absinthe - 2 oz gin - 1/4 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - 2 oz peychaud's bitters - special ingredients: wink - rinse a chilled old-fashioned glass with absinthe and pour out excess absinthe. stir remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass. garnish with a wink.
will rogers - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz orange juice - 1 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
brandy vermouth cocktail - cocktail glass - 2 oz brandy - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz angostura bitters - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
white spider - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 3/4 oz lemon juice - 1/2 oz triple sec - 1/4 oz simple syrup - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
white lady - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz triple sec - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
western rose - cocktail glass - 1 oz gin - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz apricot-flavored brandy - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
may blosson fizz - highball glass - 1 oz grenadine - 1/2 oz lemon juice - 2 oz swedish punch - shake well with cracked ice and strain into highball glass. fill with carbonated water and stir.
wembly cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz apple brandy - 1/2 oz apricot-flavored brandy - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
apple pie cocktail - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz rum - 3/4 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz apple flavored brandy - 1/2 oz grenadine - 1 oz lemon juice - shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
water lily - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz gin - 3/4 oz triple sec - 3/4 oz creme de violette - 3/4 oz lemon juice - special ingredients: orange twist - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. garnish with an orange twist.
wallis blue cocktail - old-fashioned glass - 1 oz gin - 1 oz triple sec - 1 oz lime juice - rim old-fashioned glass with lime and sugar. fill with ice. shake remaining ingredients with ice and strain into glass.
minnehaha cocktail - cocktail glass - 1/4 oz orange juice - 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1/2 oz sweet vermouth - 1 oz dry gin - shake well with cracked ice and strain into cocktail glass.
wallick cocktail - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 1 1/2 oz dry vermouth - 1 oz triple sec - stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
waikiki beachcomber - cocktail glass - 3/4 oz gin - 3/4 oz triple sec - 1/2 oz pineapple juice - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
vow of silence - cocktail glass - 1 1/2 oz gin - 3/4 oz grapefruit juice - 1/2 oz lime juice - 1/2 oz yellow chartreuse - 1/4 oz amaro - 1/4 oz simple syrup - shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
